
Thanks!  Elyse
Susan White <Susan.White@bus.utexas.edu> on 04/06/2000 10:19:12 AM
Hi Elyse - I just spoke with Ramesh Rao (associate dean).  He has not yet
made the Excellence Fund awards, which are also part of the Enron endowment.
He would like to have the dinner in the fall, when all of the awardees have
been chosen.  He felt that a dinner the end of April would conflict with a
major E-commerce conference we're having here, and the Enron awards would
get the attention they deserve in the fall.  The other advantage of a fall
dinner is that the new students will be here, and if we have a big
announcement then, they can see what they have to look forward to.  Will
this work for you?  Thanks.  Sue

Sue:  Thanks for your email.  In speaking with Rick Causey, the only day
that he is available is Monday, April 24.  In speaking with Sally Beck, I
know that you are confirming the 3 winners and will get me their info once
they have been chosen.  If you don't mind seeing who from the university is
available on the 24th, that would be great.  Our other option is to have it
another evening that week or rescheduling for the fall after classes begin.

As I mentioned before, I am expecting a baby two weeks from today, so I'd
love to have as much of this wrapped up before I pass it on to someone else
on my team.

Thanks for your help!
Elyse

The scholarships, while sponsored by Enron, are technically awarded by UT.  I 
will be talking with Sue White today, and I will get her take on whether or 
not the university wants to contact the winners or whether Enron should do 
it.  I will let you know.  

The 24th is a great day for me for the dinner in Austin.  So if that works 
for recepients and faculty, then that would work our well.  Keep me posted.  
--Sally 

   

Thanks, Sally, for the update.  The only day that Rick is available is 
Monday, April 24 - this definitely limits us! I've asked Sharron to find out 
if others can't make it on the 24th (the recipients, Dean May, interviewers), 
would he rather have it on another day that week without him or have it in 
the fall once school starts again. Sharron will let me know what Rick says 
today.  Then, I'll call Sue White to start getting the ball rolling with 
schedules on campus.  I've tentatively booked Jeffrey's private room again 
for the 24th.

Do you want me to notify the winners?  I'm happy to do so.

Elyse

   
	
	

We interviewed the 12 finalists in Austin yesterday.   Interviewers were Gene 
Humphrey, Thomas Suffield, Roger Ondrecko and me.  The four of us met this 
morning in Houston to decide on our suggested scholarship receipients.  Based 
on my conversation with Sue White yesterday in Austin, I called her today 
with the names of the three suggested award winners.  I conveyed this via 
voice mail, as Sue was not in her office.  She had told me that her schedule 
would be tight today, so it is likely that she and I will talk tomorrow 
morning.  She wanted to be able to discuss our recommendations.  I would not 
anticipate any changes as a result of my pending conversation with Sue.  
However, I think that it will be best to withhold the names of the recepients 
until after that conversation.  She will most likely then contact you to 
confirm their names.  I have phone numbers, addresses and e:mail addresses 
for all three, and I will provide you with those as soon as the official 
notification from the University takes place.  

Gene, Thomas and Roger are all interested in attending the dinner in Austin 
if schedules permit.  The week of April 24th is a good one for me for the 
dinner.  Obviously, many schedules have to be coordinated.  I know that Rick 
Causey will want to attend (he will have been in London the week prior, so he 
may be available).  I have also talked with CIndy Olson and I know that she 
would like to be included if her schedule permits.  

Today was Brent's last day in the Houston office for several months.  Let me 
know how I can help with these arrangements.  

   

Sue:  Greetings!  We have not spoken in awhile, but I wanted to touch base 
with you regarding the MBA Excellence Awards and specifically hosting a 
dinner similar to last year's event at Jeffrey's.  I am expecting a baby in 
two weeks, so I'd like to get as much of this planned now as possible!  Amy 
Lee, Charla Stuart and Ali Saler who work in my group will pick up any of the 
pieces that I don't get to prior to becoming a mom, and one of them will 
attend the dinner in Austin.

I have a number of questions:  First, have the award winners been chosen?  
notified? What are their names/phone numbers? Can you help us with the guest 
list from the university?  How does the week of April 24 look on the 
university's calendar?  If we can't find a date before the school year ends, 
we could have the dinner during the beginning of the fall semester, but I'd 
like to try for the end of April/beginning of May.

I would like to use the Josephine House at Jeffrey's Restaurant again - it 
worked well last year, but I haven't called them yet - waiting to hear 
answers to the questions above...

Have a great day!  I can be reached by email or phone at 713-853-0565.

Thanks!
Elyse Kalmans

I have asked Patti to get us together  to discuss your e:mail message as soon 
as possible.  Hopefully, we can work that out this week.  I llok forward to 
talking with you and I will be glad to help you in any way that I can.  

Energy Operations will enjoy participating in this program.  I would like to 
bring this us up at my staff meeting on Monday, April 10, so I will get back 
to you with the number of students and the contact person(s) next week.  
--Sally 

	Susan Skarness
	03/31/2000 04:37 PM
	
Cliff Baxter is representing Enron on the Board of Junior Achievement.  One 
of the programs that he would like to continue at Enron is the Job Shadow 
program.  This program entails a half-day commitment once per month beginning 
with the fall school semester.  The high school students are first given an 
overview of Enron and then a tour of the building.  The students then spend 
approximately 1-1/2 hours directly with individuals within specific 
departments.  Cliff would like to have as many departments as possible 
participate since this may be the only exposure these students have to the 
business world.

Please advise if you are willing to have your department participate, who 
your contact person is, and how many students that you would like to host 
each time.

Thank you for your consideration.

Susan

Glad you enjoyed the game.  The field will make baseball much more fun in 
Houston.  

Roy Lipsett
04/03/2000 03:06 PM
Sally;

Thanks very much for the baseball tickets.

We really enjoyed the game and seeing the new ball park.

Roy Lipsett

I already have this date on my calendar.  Count me in.  --Sally 

George Hope
04/05/2000 08:57 AM
 We have a presentation planned for April 19th at the University of Oklahoma 
for the JC Penney leadership group and the Energy
Management students. We plan on giving a "panel discussion" for the students 
that will be followed by a social event. I would like for all
of you to be on the panel fielding a variety of questions from the group 
regarding Enron. Please look on your calendars and let me know 
your availability as soon as possible so we can book this event. Here is a 
tentative schedule:
  APRIL 19th
  Participant arrival - 3:00pm. ( Location TBD)
  Student arrival- 4:00pm.
  Presentation- 4:00-5:30pm 
  Social- 6:00-8:00pm. ( Cowboy Rodeo)

Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you.
      George Hope

We interviewed the 12 finalists in Austin yesterday.   Interviewers were Gene 
Humphrey, Thomas Suffield, Roger Ondrecko and me.  The four of us met this 
morning in Houston to decide on our suggested scholarship receipients.  Based 
on my conversation with Sue White yesterday in Austin, I called her today 
with the names of the three suggested award winners.  I conveyed this via 
voice mail, as Sue was not in her office.  She had told me that her schedule 
would be tight today, so it is likely that she and I will talk tomorrow 
morning.  She wanted to be able to discuss our recommendations.  I would not 
anticipate any changes as a result of my pending conversation with Sue.  
However, I think that it will be best to withhold the names of the recepients 
until after that conversation.  She will most likely then contact you to 
confirm their names.  I have phone numbers, addresses and e:mail addresses 
for all three, and I will provide you with those as soon as the official 
notification from the University takes place.  

Gene, Thomas and Roger are all interested in attending the dinner in Austin 
if schedules permit.  The week of April 24th is a good one for me for the 
dinner.  Obviously, many schedules have to be coordinated.  I know that Rick 
Causey will want to attend (he will have been in London the week prior, so he 
may be available).  I have also talked with CIndy Olson and I know that she 
would like to be included if her schedule permits.  

Today was Brent's last day in the Houston office for several months.  Let me 
know how I can help with these arrangements.  

   

Sue:  Greetings!  We have not spoken in awhile, but I wanted to touch base 
with you regarding the MBA Excellence Awards and specifically hosting a 
dinner similar to last year's event at Jeffrey's.  I am expecting a baby in 
two weeks, so I'd like to get as much of this planned now as possible!  Amy 
Lee, Charla Stuart and Ali Saler who work in my group will pick up any of the 
pieces that I don't get to prior to becoming a mom, and one of them will 
attend the dinner in Austin.

I have a number of questions:  First, have the award winners been chosen?  
notified? What are their names/phone numbers? Can you help us with the guest 
list from the university?  How does the week of April 24 look on the 
university's calendar?  If we can't find a date before the school year ends, 
we could have the dinner during the beginning of the fall semester, but I'd 
like to try for the end of April/beginning of May.

I would like to use the Josephine House at Jeffrey's Restaurant again - it 
worked well last year, but I haven't called them yet - waiting to hear 
answers to the questions above...

Have a great day!  I can be reached by email or phone at 713-853-0565.

Thanks!
Elyse Kalmans

I will look forward to meeting you during your visit to Houston next week.  I 
will work with Carol to schedule a time that will work for both of us.  Have 
a nice flight.  --Sally 

Sally 

I will be in Houston next week and was wondering if you could spare me some 
time to talk about the back office for Australia. I am the CFO in Sydney and 
am currently running the settlements work done down here and I would also 
like to go over the results of the audit. 

At the moment I have time available both on Wed and Thursday and would 
appreciate it if we could meet up on either of those days if you are 
available. (AC Romero in Cassandra Schultz's office is co-ordinating my 
schedule). Carol Howes and I are meeting with Harry Bucalo on tuesday to look 
at weather settlements issues so we can also address the related control 
issues for this new product if that is convenient. 

Thanks

Heidi

Glad you enjoyed the game.   It was certainly a panoramic view from up 
there!  I am that you continue to be pleased with your decision to come to 
Enron, and I am  certainly glad that you are here.    

   
	
	

I just wanted to say thanks for the Astros tickets.  My wife and I enjoyed 
seeing the ballpark and watching the game.  I am really enjoying my work here 
at Enron and am excited about the challenges ahead.  When someone asks me if 
I think I made the right decision to come to Enron, I say yes without 
hesitation.  Thanks again for the tickets, as well as all your support.

Bryce

Below is an announcement that was sent to employees within Enron Europe tod=
ay=20
from Fernley Dyson and me.  Most of you have probably become aware of the=
=20
assignment that Brent will have over the next few months in London.  We=20
anticipate that he will be back in the Houston office by the end of the=20
second quarter.  I thought that you would like to see how we have described=
=20
the role that he will play in London. =20

Brent will retain his current role within North America, and will be=20
conducting his Houston staff meetings via conference call from London.  Sus=
an=20
Harrison and Steve Jackson will play leadership roles for his gas team whil=
e=20
he is in London;  Susan with a focus on operations and Steve with a focus o=
n=20
risk and interfacing with Jeff Shankman's on daily p&l and position=20
information.  needs. =20

Please wish Brent well in this additional assignment in London.  I would as=
k=20
that you help defeat the "out of sight, out of mind" syndrome, and that you=
=20
keep Brent informed of ENA issues as you would if he were in town, via e:ma=
il=20
or telephone.  Also, please work closely with Susan and Steve when you are=
=20
dealing with issues that cut across commodity lines.  Susan will be attendi=
ng=20
the Monday afternoon staff meeting. =20

Nicole Scott
04/03/2000 11:32 AM
Please see the following announcement, which just went out to Enron Europe
Niki

Fernley Dyson & Sally Beck
03/04/2000 17:31
Please respond to Fernley Dyson/LON/ECT
Sent by: Enron Europe General Announcement

=09

Enron Europe has played a vital role over the last few years in the global=
=20
expansion of  Enron=01,s  business.  Now we are taking a strategic role in=
=20
setting the standards for global operational performance.  Accordingly, we=
=20
will work closely with Global Risk Management Operations to assess our=20
operational policies, procedures and internal controls.  This will be a=20
collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements =
to=20
be used world-wide.  This strategic initiative is critical to Enron=01,s=20
performance, in insuring that trading operations services are delivered=20
consistently across all commodities and all locations. =20
We are very pleased to announce that effective April 10, 2000, Brent Price,=
=20
Vice President of Global Risk  Management Operations, will office at Enron=
=20
House, reporting to both of us.  Brent will have the responsibility and=20
authority to facilitate this global initiative for Enron Europe.  Brent=20
brings a wealth of operational and risk experience.  His most recent=20
Brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the proce=
ss=20
of assessment and development of global operational standards and=20
measurements.  This will include evaluating the operational processes,=20
procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by Enron=
=20
Europe.  He will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate=
=20
action to insure that we are fully aligned in  the delivery of global=20
consistency throughout all of our operations.  He will work actively with t=
he=20
operations staff in Enron Europe to achieve this goal. =20

We ask your full co-operation in supporting Brent and the success of this=
=20
initiative. =20

We remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people, build=20
business knowledge, leverage talent across locations and insure the integri=
ty=20
of our global services. =20

Fernley Dyson     Sally Beck
VP, Chief Accounting Officer   VP, Global Risk Management Operations

Meant to copy you on this reply to Mike, but forgot to do so before my 
initial send.  Here it is...

I have attached a listing of planned PRC meetings for Operations that will be 
held in Houston.  There will be a number of pre-review meetings that will be 
held over the next two weeks in preparation for an Energy Operations PRC 
meeting to be held on Friday, December 8th.  The pre-meetings are necessary 
due to the sheer size of the groups.  (In addition to the meetings detailed 
in this schedule, Brent's team in EGM is having pre-meetings as well.)  

The December 8th meeting will include all operations personnel from ENA, EGM 
and EIM.  We will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior 
Specialists and below.  I have asked that the results from the pre-review 
meetings mirror the "preferred distribution", which as you probably know 
suggests that 15% of the population will not receive a bonus and should 
therefore be in the bottom two categories.  Assuming that appropriate work 
has been done at the pre-review meetings, this review on the 8th should not 
be too lengthy.  We will take considerably more time as we review the 
managers, who will have been pre-ranked as well.  This will give us a good 
jumping off point for the cross calibration discussions.  We will then review 
and rank the directors and senior directors.  We will also be discussing 
suggested promotions during this meeting as well.  Finally, assuming that I 
still have David Oxley and Wes Colwell captive and attentive, I will discuss 
my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me.  (We will of 
course pare down the list of attendees as we move up the ladder on levels 
that we are reviewing -- initial make up of the December 8th PRC is me and my 
direct reports within ENA, Brent and his direct reports within EGM and Brenda 
Herod from EIM.)  I have also extended an invitation to Louise Kitchen to 
attend the December 8th meeting.  I do not know yet if she will attend.  

Do you have some suggestions for cross-calibrating on a global basis this 
year?  I think that next year we can put some plans in place early in the 
year to help facilitate this.  Would you like to attend the meeting here in 
Houston on December 8th?  Is there a planned meeting in London that would 
make sense for me to attend?  Let me know your thoughts.  

   

    -Sally  

Mike Jordan
11/24/2000 04:28 AM
Sally

I have been speaking to Cindy Horn ( works for Scott here in London ) about 
checking ratings / promotions across the two groups in London ( EGM and EEL ) 
which raised concerns that this might duplicate some work done on cross 
calibration done by yourself. Can I ask what are the plans?

Glad you enjoyed the game.  That was quite a climb to those seats!  I did it 
a couple of times with my two year old in arms, and wasn't sure that I would 
make it!  That's good that you could watch from a lower level. --Sally

Bob Klein
04/03/2000 07:28 AM
Thank you for the tickets to the Saturday game. My wife and I enjoyed it very 
much. We were unable to sit in the Upper Level in the seats ticketed. My wife 
and I came to the fourth level to identify the seats. When we arrived, my 
wife became dizzy as she does in most high places. We watched the game from 
the walkway at level one and were able to enjoy the game. Thanks again for 
the tickets. Enron Field is a nice ballpark.

Bob

Per my voice mail message, attached is a draft memo regarding Brent's role in 
London.  Any comments would be appreciated.  Fernley and I plan to send this 
out sometime next week, prior to Brent's assignment starting on April 10.  

Do you know what this is?   ISO makes me think power.  Any clues?  --Sally 
Terrie Wheeler@ENRON
03/30/2000 12:00 PM
Ted or Sally -

Is this something you can answer for Andrew?  Donna I've cc you on this 
message since this might be compliance related too.

Terrie

Terrie

I've been asked by one of traders whether we are ISO 9000 certified.

From what I can ascertain we have not been certified in Europe. Are you able 
you provide any further on this for Europe and Enron Corp?

Thanks
Andy
Ext 37272

I'm in Helsinki  this week so time difference is 9 hours.

Energy Operations has two sets of season tickets for Astros games this 
season.  One set is four tickets in the field box level, and the other set is 
two tickets in the terrace level.  I have also purchased one parking spot in 
a lot that is a couple of blocks from the stadium.  I have divided the 
tickets among you, with my husband's help.  He identified "good games" (i.e. 
teams that everyone likes to see), and those are distributed equally across 
my direct reports.  Tickets for the other games have been distributed based 
your percentage of Energy Operations employees.  For most games, you will 
receive all six tickets.  You can use these tickets for yourself and for a 
small reward for a job well done by someone in your group.  The parking 
information will accompany the group of four field box tickets.  Patti is 
including a map of downtown with the parking lot pinpointed.  Your tickets 
will be distributed to you this week.  I hope that you and your staff will 
enjoy these.  

I also received over 100 tickets from Cliff Baxter, Greg Whalley and Dave 
Delainey for the exhibition game on Saturday, April 1.  I have chosen to 
distribute two tickets a piece to all directors and managers in Energy 
Operations who are not my direct reports.  SInce you will have first call on 
the season tickets going to your group, I thought that it would be nice to 
make these tickets available to the next tier of leadership.  I wanted to 
make you aware of this before these are distributed tomorrow.  

Finally, I have purchased a block of tickets for two upcoming games, one a 
weekday afternoon and one a weekend.  I will let you know these dates soon, 
as I would like for my direct report group to join me at these games. 

Approved.  Please note that Co. # should be 0342 for Misc. Expense on 
Todd032400LondonSAP expense report.
Thanks,
Sally Beck

Hi Sally,
Would you please approve and forward to Expense Report stating your approval.

Patti has the orginal hard copies if you want to review them.  I thought 
emailing this to accounting 
might get it processed quicker.
Thank you 
Lynn

Sorry that we have missed one another by phone.  I agree that the challenge=
s=20
of EBS are going to be very exciting.  Enron has certainly made a commitmen=
t=20
to make communications a large part of our future success.  I would suggest=
=20
that to get more details that you talk with Scott Pleus.  He is one of my=
=20
direct reports, who most recently has been the business controller for=20
Emerging Products, including bandwidth.  Scott's focus will soon shift to=
=20
focus full time on trading operations for bandwidth.  Give Scott a call at=
=20
X36577 and I am sure that he would be glad to visit with you about the=20
industry and opportunities that he sees within EBS. =20

  =20
=09
=09
I am extremely interested in learning more about Enron Broadband Services a=
nd=20
George Hope suggested I talk to you.  I take pride in being part of the Pow=
er=20
Trading Group since late 1997 and see many similarities emerging in the=20
Intelligent Network / BOS.   I do NOT want anyone to think I=01,m eager to =
leave=20
Scheduling in our group, but I know that the challenge and experiences in=
=20
growing these technologies for Enron is going to be awesome. =20

Until we get a chance to meet, you can page me at 800-980-2182 or by return=
=20
E-mail.
Thanks and I look forward to hearing from you.

Corry Bentley

Sorry, I can;t help you on this one.  I don't have a copy.  --Sally 

I will be at the meeting on Thursday.  I have asked Brenda Herod to attend as 
well.  Can you add her to your distribution list so that she receives notice 
of these meetings as well?  That way, one or both of us will be able to 
attend.  Thanks.  

Elisabeth McCabe@ENRON
03/22/2000 03:37 PM
An ENA Vision and Values committee meeting will be held on Thursday, March 30 
at 2:30 p.m. in 47C2.  

We will review the internal communications plan for 2000 and discuss the 
upcoming focus groups that are planned for ENA in April.  

The meeting should last no longer than one hour.  Please plan to attend.

Thank you.

I will plan to attend.  Can you attend as well?  --Sally 
Elisabeth McCabe@ENRON
03/22/2000 03:37 PM
An ENA Vision and Values committee meeting will be held on Thursday, March 30 
at 2:30 p.m. in 47C2.  

We will review the internal communications plan for 2000 and discuss the 
upcoming focus groups that are planned for ENA in April.  

The meeting should last no longer than one hour.  Please plan to attend.

Thank you.

Definitely take off and meet Scott at the airport.  I know that you will be 
glad to see him.  

   

Sally,

If you don't mind, I'd like to leave early today (2 or 3 pm) to pick up Scott 
(my son) at the airport.  He went to Denver to visit his sister for spring 
break & was scheduled to come back Monday evening.  Unfortunately, due to 
winter storm, all flights were cancelled Monday & most of Tuesday.  I wasn't 
able to get him a flight back until this morning.  Scott, however, was not 
too disappointed in missing 3 days of school (instead of 1 that we planned).  
Anyway, if it's okay with you, I will let your direct reports know that Irena 
will have numbers where they can reach you.

PT

I have attached a listing of planned PRC meetings for Operations that will be 
held in Houston.  There will be a number of pre-review meetings that will be 
held over the next two weeks in preparation for an Energy Operations PRC 
meeting to be held on Friday, December 8th.  The pre-meetings are necessary 
due to the sheer size of the groups.  (In addition to the meetings detailed 
in this schedule, Brent's team in EGM is having pre-meetings as well.)  

The December 8th meeting will include all operations personnel from ENA, EGM 
and EIM.  We will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior 
Specialists and below.  I have asked that the results from the pre-review 
meetings mirror the "preferred distribution", which as you probably know 
suggests that 15% of the population will not receive a bonus and should 
therefore be in the bottom two categories.  Assuming that appropriate work 
has been done at the pre-review meetings, this review on the 8th should not 
be too lengthy.  We will take considerably more time as we review the 
managers, who will have been pre-ranked as well.  This will give us a good 
jumping off point for the cross calibration discussions.  We will then review 
and rank the directors and senior directors.  We will also be discussing 
suggested promotions during this meeting as well.  Finally, assuming that I 
still have David Oxley and Wes Colwell captive and attentive, I will discuss 
my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me.  (We will of 
course pare down the list of attendees as we move up the ladder on levels 
that we are reviewing -- initial make up of the December 8th PRC is me and my 
direct reports within ENA, Brent and his direct reports within EGM and Brenda 
Herod from EIM.)  I have also extended an invitation to Louise Kitchen to 
attend the December 8th meeting.  I do not know yet if she will attend.  

Do you have some suggestions for cross-calibrating on a global basis this 
year?  I think that next year we can put some plans in place early in the 
year to help facilitate this.  Would you like to attend the meeting here in 
Houston on December 8th?  Is there a planned meeting in London that would 
make sense for me to attend?  Let me know your thoughts.  

   

    -Sally  

Mike Jordan
11/24/2000 04:28 AM
Sally

I have been speaking to Cindy Horn ( works for Scott here in London ) about 
checking ratings / promotions across the two groups in London ( EGM and EEL ) 
which raised concerns that this might duplicate some work done on cross 
calibration done by yourself. Can I ask what are the plans?

DISCUSSION DRAFT

TO:  Enron Europe Employees=20

FROM:  Fernley Dyson, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, EEL
  Sally Beck, Vice President =01) Global Risk Management Operations=20

SUBJECT: Trading Operations Resource for London

Enron Europe Ltd. has played a vital role over the last few years in the=20
global expansion of  Enron=01,s  business.  Now, EEL is taking a strategic =
role=20
in setting the standards for global operational performance.  Accordingly,=
=20
EEL will work closely with Global Risk Management Operations to assess our=
=20
operational policies, procedures and internal controls.  This will be a=20
collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements =
to=20
be used world-wide.  This strategic initiative is critical to Enron=01,s=20
performance, in insuring that trading operations services are delivered=20
consistently across all commodities and all locations. =20

We are very pleased to announce that effective April 10, 2000, Brent Price,=
=20
Vice President of Global Risk  Management Operations, will office at Enron=
=20
House, reporting to both of us.  Brent will have the responsibility and=20
authority to facilitate this global initiative for Enron Europe.  Brent=20
brings a wealth of operational and risk experience.  His most recent=20
Brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the proce=
ss=20
of assessment and development of global operational standards and=20
measurements.  This will include evaluating the operational processes,=20
procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by EEL.  =
He=20
will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate action to=20
insure that we are fully aligned in  the delivery of global consistency=20
throughout all of our operations.  He will work actively with the operation=
s=20
staff in Enron Europe to achieve this goal. =20

(FERNLEY =01) This would be a good spot to perhaps make a reference to the=
=20
timing of Mike Jordan=01,s arrival and the role that Brent would play in hi=
s=20
assimilation, assuming that when this goes out that you have already sent o=
ut=20
an announcement about hiring Mike and his role.)

We ask your full co-operation in supporting Brent and the success of this=
=20
initiative. =20

We remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people, build=20
business knowledge, leverage talent across locations and insure the integri=
ty=20
of our global services.   

I am in London this week and have picked up your message with the 
attachment.  If you could let me know what it is that you are trying to do 
with this, then I will be glad to help you where I can.  Are you trying to 
create  a job description to be used to search for a local candidate in 
Japan?  Do you need a job description for internal purposes to create a 
position on the Tokyo team?  Is this a job description that you want to use 
in discussions that we may have with Eugenio Perez in a start up role for the 
risk books?  These three options would all require slightly different 
descriptions of the role, so it would be helpful to know how you will use 
this.  

Please let me know and I will be glad to work on this for you. 

Dawn Rodriguez@ENRON
03/17/2000 04:39 PM
Please find attached the final draft of the Sydney/Singapore presentations 
for you review and distribution.  Thank you.

Ted Murphy, Tom Bauer, Jim Brown and I met yesterday to schedule the next 
series of operations/controls reviews of Enron offices or certain companies 
in which Enron holds an ownership interest.   Attached is a copy of that 
schedule.  Please contact Ted or me if you have any questions.  You will note 
that the full make-up of the teams is being worked on currently.  We have 
identified the lead on each review, however, from RAC, Operations and AA.  

 

I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday, March 15-17 to be with 
my children during part of their spring break.  We will be in town, so I can 
be reached either at home (281-370=8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591).  
I will check voice mail messages during this time period, but probably once 
or twice a day.  

I will be in the London office next week.  I will be in that office from 
about noon on Monday through the end of the day on Thursday.  Patti will have 
a schedule of my appointments while I am there, and she will have an 
international cell phone number that I will have with me throughout the 
trip.  Contact her if you need to speak directly with me.  I will be 
responding to voice mail frequently throughout the week.  I will be 
travelling back to Houston on Friday, March 24 (leaving my hotel in London 
around 1 AM Houston time).  

I will see you back in the office on Monday, March 27.  

The e:mail system never recognizes Rick Causey, so you were dropped from the 
first distribution.  I have to remember to type your full first name!

I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday this week (March 
15-17).   I will be with my children while they are on Spring Break.  I can 
be reached those three day either at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone 
(713-417-1591).   The following persons will serve as key operations contacts 
in the office while I am out:
Key Operations Contacts March 15-17

  Brent Price   Business Controller, Gas  x37647

  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763

Also, I will be in the London office during the week of March 20th.  I am 
working with Fernley Dyson and John Sherriff to structure training and 
orientation for a new head of trading operations that has been hired in 
London.  I am also working to provide transition resources to London for 
operational controls unttil the new guy is on board.  My work on this should 
be completed by the end of next week.  I will return to Houston on Friday, 
March 24.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106),  will have a copy of my 
schedule while I am in London as well as an international mobile phone number 
where I can be reached. Please don't hesitate to call.  I will be responding 
to voice mail messages throughout the week.   The following persons will 
serve as key operations contacts in the Houston office while I am working 
from London:

Key Operations Contacts  March 20-24

  Brenda Herod   Business Controller, Gas  x35778

  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763

Kristin Albrecht will attend the Monday, March 20th staff meeting at 9:30 in 
my absence.  

I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday this week (March 
15-17).   I will be with my children while they are on Spring Break.  I can 
be reached those three day either at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone 
(713-417-1591).   The following persons will serve as key operations contacts 
in the office while I am out:
Key Operations Contacts March 15-17

  Brent Price   Business Controller, Gas  x37647

  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763

Also, I will be in the London office during the week of March 20th.  I am 
working with Fernley Dyson and John Sherriff to structure training and 
orientation for a new head of trading operations that has been hired in 
London.  I am also working to provide transition resources to London for 
operational controls unttil the new guy is on board.  My work on this should 
be completed by the end of next week.  I will return to Houston on Friday, 
March 24.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106),  will have a copy of my 
schedule while I am in London as well as an international mobile phone number 
where I can be reached. Please don't hesitate to call.  I will be responding 
to voice mail messages throughout the week.   The following persons will 
serve as key operations contacts in the Houston office while I am working 
from London:

Key Operations Contacts  March 20-24

  Brenda Herod   Business Controller, Gas  x35778

  Kristin Albrecht   Business Controller, Power  x34763

Kristin Albrecht will attend the Monday, March 20th staff meeting at 9:30 in 
my absence.  

Per my earlier e:mail message, I am forwarding to you the draft of the report 
on the operations/controls review of Singapore.  (It is an attachment to the 
message from Scott Earnest to me.)  The most current drafts of the reports on 
Oslo and  Frankfurt were compiled by the AA team in London.  Nick Swingler is 
apparently out on vacation this week.  I have asked AA personnel from Houston 
to coordinate with their London office to get you a copy of those two draft 
reports.  Given the time difference, you should receive thos reports via 
e:mail from AA on Wednesday.  --Sally 
	
	

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss in 
further detail.

Regards,

Scott

 

I'll look forward to seeing you.  Since my first note, I have scheduled a 
dinner with Richard Sage on Thursday evening - the only time that he and I 
can meet, since he is in Helsinki through Wednesday, in the office on 
Thursday but booked that day.  With the Tuesday dinner with Fernley, that 
leaves Monday or Wednesday.  I hope that one of those days works for you and 
Frank.  I will try to call Mo - I think that she is still in Houston today.  
--Sally 

Beth Apollo
03/14/2000 10:27 AM
sure it works -- I just need to schedule the nanny to stay late  -- I will 
ask her this evening which night she can stay -- would be fun to see you 
both.  I saw a lot of Brent the last time he was here, but haven't seen you 
in a while.

I will call or email you tomorrow with a definite.

B

   

Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week.  Wanted to see if 
you, Frank and Mo might be available for dinner one evening.  We arrive on 
Monday morning (March 20th) and will return to Houston on Friday morning.   
Our Tuesday night is booked, having dinner with Fernley.  But Monday, 
Wednesday and Thursday are available.  Does it work for you with the baby to 
do evenings?  Let me know.  

1)  I just talked with Scott Earnest and asked him to send you and John 
Sherriff copies of the lastest draft of the report on Singapore.  This draft 
now incorporates comments from Bill Bradford that were pending last week (he 
made the trip to Sydney and Singapore, but had to be in New York last week, 
meaning his imput was delayed until yesterday.  You and John should receive 
those drafts today.  

2)  I sent an e:mail message to John Sherriff after you and I talked, simply 
to clarify the several purposes of my trip to London (since you said he was 
asking).  I have scheduled a brief meeting one-on-one with him while I am 
there.    

3)  To outline for you the primary points on my agenda for the week, they are 
the following:

Iron out with you the trading operations support that Brent and I can provide 
for you during this transition period
Finalize details with Tara Rozen on work permits, accomodations and all of 
the details on having support personnel in London 

Map out with you how we can provide training, orientation and contacts for 
Michael Jordan when he arrives to help make his assimilation a smooth one 
(which as you and I discussed, may involved a short stint in Houston)

Meet with you, Barry, Richard Sage and anyone else that you feel is 
appropriate to collect their ideas on working collectively on effective 
trading operations and controls world-wide

I look forward to seeing you next week.  

Attached is the list of PRC meetings that will cover operations for ENA, EIM 
and EGM.  Location, times and attendees are listed for each meeting.  There 
are five pre-review meetings that will take place starting today through 
December 5 in preparation for the Energy Operations PRC meeting that will be 
held on Friday, December 8.  I invite you to sit in on any or all of these 
meetings if you would like to do so.  

The most meaningful meeting will be on  December 8th.  In that meeting, we 
will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists 
and below.  I would anticipate that if at each pre-review meeting the 
preferred distribution is met as instructed, then this portion of the meeting 
will not take too long.  We will then review in more detail the managers, who 
will have been pre-ranked in the pre-review meetings.  We will also review 
and rank the directors and senior directors.  I can also be prepared to 
review my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me, with you, 
Wes Colwell and David Oxley in attendance.  

Call me if you have any questions.  --Sally 

   

Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week, arriving Monday 
morning and returning to Houston on Friday.  The purpose of my visit is in 
regard to my Global Risk Management Operations role,   I believe that Rick 
Causey met with you regarding some operations support that Brent and I will 
provide to Fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during 
the assimilation of Michael Jordan, the JP Morgan staffer that Fernley has 
hired.  Brent and I will be working with Fernley next week to iron out the 
details of our support for Fernley during that transition period.  We will 
also map out an Enron trading operations introduction  for Michael Jordan, 
which may involve a short stint for him in Houston.  My goal is to provide a 
strong resource to Fernley during this transition period and to work with 
Fernley to provide whatever assistance, training, and orientation to Michael 
in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as 
possible.  

Another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with Fernley and his  
business controllers  to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we 
would commit to for 2000.  I know that Barry and Richard Sage have many good 
ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all Enron 
locations with trading operations.  My earlier trips to London this year were 
focused solely on Helsinki, and did not allow time to positively focus on 
leveraging worldwide operations experience.  I value input from other trading 
operations professionals and I look forward to the ideas that can be 
generated in working with Barry, Richard and some of their direct reports.  

I also contacted Tani Nath about my trip to see how I could support her as 
she moves into her role in Global Products.  I have not heard  from Tani, but 
I understand from others that she will be in the Houston office next week.  
It will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip, but based on my commitments in 
Houston and Rick Causey's desire to move forward on providing trading 
operations support to Fernley, next week is the best for me to be in London.  
I did meet with Tani for an hour when she was here week before last and 
offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role 
over Global Products.  I trust that she will contact me for that support as 
needed.  

I have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while I am there to 
discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your 
business efforts in London.  I look forward to meeting with you next week.  

This trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations/control review that we are 
conducting at Joe Sutton's request.   By circumstance, as you know, we have 
taken a look at Helsinki and subsequently Oslo and Frankfurt.  There will be 
a similar review of Continental power, UK gas, UK power and global liquids.  
The review teams are currently focused on operations/controls reviews of 
North American locations and some entities in the US in which Enron has a 
large ownership position.  It is likely that the continuation of this effort 
in London will occur in mid April.  

Copies of the drafts of the findings for Oslo and Frankfurt were provided to 
Fernley as soon as the team returned to Houston.  We hope to finalise those 
drafts this week as we receive comments from Fernley and the business 
managers in Oslo and Frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided.  Fernley 
suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final 
copies, so I will have those forwarded to you today.  The Sydney and 
Singapore trip was a lengthy one, as it also involved a last leg of the trip 
in London with regard to support for SIngapore.  The Houston team returned 
the middle of last week and worked with AA on an early draft last Friday.  I 
can also provide you with a draft of that report, the completion of which was 
pending input from Bill Bradford early this week (he made the trip but was 
out of the office last week).  We did do a preliminary review of the Sydney 
and Singapore findings with Rick Causey and Rick Buy on Friday afternoon, to 
accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week.  They 
understood the preliminary nature of the draft that was reviewed with them.  

 

I didn't get a response from you regarding my e:mail that I sent last week, 
but I have heard through the grapevine that you will be making a trip to 
Houston next week.  My plans for being in London next week are firm, so it 
looks as if we will miss one another.  

My offer stands to help you in any way as you take on your new role, so I 
trust that you will take me up on that offer as needed.  I will look forward 
to working with you as we develop common standards for operations worldwide, 
with effective exception reporting.  This is a key initiative for 2000 and 
will involve trading operations in all locations for all commodities.  

I have asked my assistant Patti to help me in setting up meetings for next 
week and I had asked her to arrange  a lunch with you and Brent, plus some 
time for just the two of us to get together.  

We are continuing the worldwide operations/controls review at the request of 
the two Rick's (Causey and Buy).  That will include a look at Continental 
power, UK power, UK gas and global products.  Looks as if sometime in April 
will be the date for that, however, not next week.  --Sally 

Barry Pearce
03/14/2000 08:29 AM
Can you do lunch one day?

Also - Bjorn H gave me a rather cryptic 'heads-up' about 'people on there way 
to London to audit operations' - should we be ready for a review?

B.

Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week.  Wanted to see if 
you, Frank and Mo might be available for dinner one evening.  We arrive on 
Monday morning (March 20th) and will return to Houston on Friday morning.   
Our Tuesday night is booked, having dinner with Fernley.  But Monday, 
Wednesday and Thursday are available.  Does it work for you with the baby to 
do evenings?  Let me know.  

Have fun in San Antonio.   It is a very popular spring break destination.  
Enjoy it!  

Robert Superty
03/13/2000 10:47 AM
FYI - I will be taking vacation on Wed 3/15 - Friday 3/17.  Kids on Spring 
break, looking to spend some family time with them in San Antonio.

3PM sounds great.  I will look forward to meeting you.  

Tara Rozen
03/13/2000 10:57 AM
No problem. I will ask my assistant, Lisa, to work out the arrangements for 
you to see the accommodation. Brent came back to me with the same response 
about the meeting and I came back with a 3pm time slot. Will that work?

Regards
Tara

   

Thanks for your homework on this.  We will definitely take a look at these 
two places next week while we are in London.  Let us know what we need to do 
to schedule this.  I look forward to meeting you.  One of your earlier 
messages suggested meeting on Monday morning.  Monday is great, but we would 
have to make that an afternoon meeting.  Brent and I will be on the flight 
that leaves Houston at 7:00 PM on Sunday evening, arriving at Gatwick around 
10:00 AM.  By the time we clear customs, take the train, check in to the 
hotel and shower, we will not be in the office before 12:30 or 1:00.  Do you 
have a time available to meet with us that afternoon?   Thanks.  --Sally 

Tara Rozen
03/13/2000 04:24 AM
Brent/Sally

I have two options available below. I have not seen these apartments, 
however, so would recommend that you both have a look when you arrive next 
week. Please let me know if you find these suitable. Neither of them are 
located in South Kensington or Chelsea but I think you will find that 
Kensington and Marylebone are also very nice, close to parks and high 
streets, etc.   Also, is Fernley the person from whom I should seek approval 
for costs of accommodation and per diems or is Houston picking up these 
charges?

Kensington High Street - We have a block of apartments here that offer
accommodation of a high standard. They will have a newly  refubished
spacious flat free with 3 bathrooms, 24 hour porterage, Mon-Fri maid
service, and an underground car parking space included.

Please however note that this flat will not be free until the 03rd or 04th
of April.

OR

Baker Street W1 - Spacious 3 bedroom flat in porteraged block close to the
station. This flat has been newly decorated and re-carpeted throughout. One
double bedroom with bathroom ensuite and 2 bedrooms with 2 single beds in
each. Fully equipped kitchen and comfortable lounge.

Regards
Tara

We are working on the details of Todd's accomodations.  I view this as a 
business trip on which we are allowing him to bring his family.  ENA is 
picking up the cost associated with the family.  Sounds as if I need to make 
sure we moderate expectations on those accomodations, but we will get that 
handled. 

That is great that Edith will be in London for part of Todd's stay.  

Your notes ask for Astros tickets for Wed., April 10th.  Monday is actually 
the 10th; Wednesday is the 12th.  The Astros play St. Louis on both of those 
days., both evening games.  I would be happy to give you four tickets for 
either one of those games.  Just let me know whether you actually want the 
10th or the 12th.  

We will definitely plan to get together while you are here in April.  I would 
love to see Jo as well.  We will have to work the details.  I am planning to 
be in London next week, arriving the morning of the 20th (Monday) and staying 
through Thursday, so we should see one another before April.  I am working on 
an agenda right now for next week, so I will be back in touch within the next 
day or so to confirm some time with you there.  --Sally 

Barry Pearce
03/13/2000 08:37 AM
To recap.

1. I think Todd is going to be here on 25th March. HR eare sorting out 
accomodation for one month. Europe pay his costs, NA pick up family costs.

2. Spoke to Bernie A - Edith is going to be here for a week in the middle of 
Todd's month.

3. I'll be in Houston w/c 8th April - lets get together then for an update. 
Though I believe you may be here sooner than that?

4. Astros' - any chance of tickets for Wed 10th (v St Louis). I guess - to be 
extra cheeky - can I have 4 - to take Jo and kids? No problem if that's not 
possible.

Talk soon. 

B.

Thanks for your homework on this.  We will definitely take a look at these 
two places next week while we are in London.  Let us know what we need to do 
to schedule this.  I look forward to meeting you.  One of your earlier 
messages suggested meeting on Monday morning.  Monday is great, but we would 
have to make that an afternoon meeting.  Brent and I will be on the flight 
that leaves Houston at 7:00 PM on Sunday evening, arriving at Gatwick around 
10:00 AM.  By the time we clear customs, take the train, check in to the 
hotel and shower, we will not be in the office before 12:30 or 1:00.  Do you 
have a time available to meet with us that afternoon?   Thanks.  --Sally 

Tara Rozen
03/13/2000 04:24 AM
Brent/Sally

I have two options available below. I have not seen these apartments, 
however, so would recommend that you both have a look when you arrive next 
week. Please let me know if you find these suitable. Neither of them are 
located in South Kensington or Chelsea but I think you will find that 
Kensington and Marylebone are also very nice, close to parks and high 
streets, etc.   Also, is Fernley the person from whom I should seek approval 
for costs of accommodation and per diems or is Houston picking up these 
charges?

Kensington High Street - We have a block of apartments here that offer
accommodation of a high standard. They will have a newly  refubished
spacious flat free with 3 bathrooms, 24 hour porterage, Mon-Fri maid
service, and an underground car parking space included.

Please however note that this flat will not be free until the 03rd or 04th
of April.

OR

Baker Street W1 - Spacious 3 bedroom flat in porteraged block close to the
station. This flat has been newly decorated and re-carpeted throughout. One
double bedroom with bathroom ensuite and 2 bedrooms with 2 single beds in
each. Fully equipped kitchen and comfortable lounge.

Regards
Tara

Attached is a referral and resume on an HR professional that I thought might 
interest you.  The referral comes from James Scribner, a guy that has just 
accepted a job offer from me.  James and I worked together previously at a 
bank, and he is very discerning in his evaluation of talent.  When I asked if 
he knew of any other talented people at Fleming (his current employer) that 
we should know, he immediately suggested Tana.  His read is that she is very 
bright, creative, and innovative.  She has worked on many special projects at 
Fleming, but James believes that she would certainly consider a generalist 
role as she learned Enron and would then "earn" her way into managing special 
projects.  I thought that I would give ENA a first look at this candidate.  
If you are not interested or do not have a need, please pass this referral 
along to other HR groups.  

FYI - James will start work here on April 3.  
Sally,

Attached is the resume for Tana Cashion.  Thank you for your help.

James Scribner

405/841-8607
jscribn@email.fleming.com

 - Tana Cashion_1.doc

I was forwarded a copy of Fernley's announcement regarding your new role fo=
r=20
Global Products Trading Support.  Your discussions in Houston last week mus=
t=20
have swayed you to accept the challenges that are there.  Congratulations o=
n=20
your new role.  As you step into your new position, please let me know how =
I=20
can best support you in my role over Global Risk Management Operations.  I =
am=20
forwarding  a copy of the announcement regarding my expanded role that was=
=20
sent out in January.  Assuming that you were not paying particular attentio=
n=20
to trading operations issues at that point in time, this may be one of thos=
e=20
e:mail messages that you skipped.  I thought that it might be helpful for y=
ou=20
to understand the focus that I will have in working with trading operations=
=20
groups around the globe.  I certainly will look forward to working with you=
,=20
Tim and Kevin. =20

I understand that Kevin will move into a role that is focused full-time on=
=20
systems implementation.  Who will assume the day-to-day lead responsibility=
=20
for Global Products trading operations in Houston and how will that=20
individual report in to you? =20

I will be in the London office during the week of March 20.  I will leave=
=20
Houston on Sunday evening, so that I should be in the office by noon on=20
Monday.  I plan to be there through Thursday evening.  Let me know if you=
=20
will be in town that week, so that we can schedule some time together.  =20
--Sally=20

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON

Recognizing Enron=01,s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energ=
y=20
business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of ou=
r=20
risk management activities, regardless of location, a global risk managemen=
t=20
operations function has been created under the direction of Sally W. Beck,=
=20
Vice President.  In this role, Sally will report to Rick Causey, Executive=
=20
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. =20

Sally=01,s responsibilities with regard to Global Risk Management Operation=
s=20
will mirror those of other recently created Enron global functions.  In thi=
s=20
role, Sally will work closely with all Enron geographic regions and wholesa=
le=20
companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional suppo=
rt=20
while also focusing on the following global responsibilities:

1. Enhance communication among risk management operations professionals.
2. Assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe.=
 =20
3. Facilitate the allocation of human resources. =20
4. Provide training for risk management operations personnel.
5. Coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems.=20
6. Oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk=20
management activities.
7. Establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices=
=20
and create key benchmarks for measuring on-going risk controls.  =20

Each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationsh=
ip=20
within its business unit, and will collaborate with Sally in the delivery o=
f=20
these critical items. The Houston-based risk management operations team und=
er=20
Sue Frusco=01,s leadership, which currently supports risk management activi=
ties=20
for South America and Australia, will also report directly to Sally.  =20

Sally retains her role as Vice President of  Energy Operations for Enron=20
North America, reporting to the ENA Office of the Chairman.  She has been i=
n=20
her current role over Energy Operations since 1997, where she manages risk=
=20
consolidation and reporting, risk management administration, physical produ=
ct=20
delivery, confirmations and cash management for ENA=01,s physical commodity=
=20
trading, energy derivatives trading and financial products trading. =20

Sally has been with Enron since 1992, when she joined the company as a=20
manager in Global Credit.  Prior to joining Enron,  Sally had four years=20
experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered=20
securities principal with a regional investment banking firm.  She also own=
ed=20
and managed a retail business for several years.=20

Please join me in supporting Sally in this additional coordination role for=
=20
global risk management operations.

The responsibility for granting access to the DPR and associated reports 
available through the Executive Viewer on line is being shifted from Scott 
Tholen's team to my operations team.   (This makes a lot of sense, since it 
is our group that prepares all of these reports.)  Fernley Dyson has 
requested access to this information via the Executive Viewer.  In insuring a 
tight distribution list for these reports, please let me know via return 
e:mail or voice mail (x35926) that you would like for Fernley to have access 
to the Enron-wide DPR.  Thanks. 

FYI - This should make things easier in London as there will be one point 
person to focus on global.  I am not sure that her background will bring a 
lot to the table in the early stages, but she did seem sharp when I met with 
her last week.  This announcement did surprise me a bit, as when I last 
talked with Fernley he was not leaning in the direction of utilizing Tani in 
this role.  ---Sally 
Kevin Sweeney
03/08/2000 12:36 PM
Did not see your names below
Enron Europe General Announcement
03/08/2000 12:18 PM
Please respond to Fernley Dyson/LON/ECT
	

I am pleased to announce that, effective immediately, Tani Nath, currently VP 
in Asset Development in London, will be moving to take up a newly created 
role as Head of Global Products Trading Support.

Tani will report to me and be responsible for leading and co-ordinating all 
trading support functions for our world-wide operations in Global Products. 
Kevin Sweeney and Tim Poullain-Patterson, Controllers in Houston and London 
respectively, will report directly to Tani.

Please join me in congratulating Tani and welcoming her in her new role.

Fernley Dyson
Vice President
Chief Accounting Officer

Kevin Sweeney forwarded this message to me.  Fernley may have made you aware 
of his decision with Tani when you and he talked yesterday.  If not, I 
thought that you might be interested in this.  --Sally 
Kevin Sweeney
03/08/2000 12:36 PM
Did not see your names below
Enron Europe General Announcement
03/08/2000 12:18 PM
Please respond to Fernley Dyson/LON/ECT
	

I am pleased to announce that, effective immediately, Tani Nath, currently VP 
in Asset Development in London, will be moving to take up a newly created 
role as Head of Global Products Trading Support.

Tani will report to me and be responsible for leading and co-ordinating all 
trading support functions for our world-wide operations in Global Products. 
Kevin Sweeney and Tim Poullain-Patterson, Controllers in Houston and London 
respectively, will report directly to Tani.

Please join me in congratulating Tani and welcoming her in her new role.

Fernley Dyson
Vice President
Chief Accounting Officer

http://www.oanda.com/converter/cc_quotes

Approved.
Sally Beck

For your approval.  Thanks.
Stephen
Kimberly Perkins
02/29/2000 03:14 PM
Stephen,

Attached is your revised expense report for your approval.  Thank you.

Kim

Am just back from Disneyworld (Tyler loved it, so you will have a great time 
in a few weeks) today, and I did get your message.  I will talk with Kristin 
this afternoon.  I agree that Edith would be great.  I will let you know if 
there is someone else that we can make available if Edith doesn't work.  I 
will leave you a message tonight before I go on status.  --Sally 

Barry Pearce
03/07/2000 10:07 AM
I left you a voice-mail. Is there anybody with EnPower Risk experience we 
could borrow for 3/4 weeks to help us split our books?

I know Edith Cross would do a great job. Anybody else available? Start date - 
yesterday etc...

B.

Please print 3 copies for me in color.  Thanks. 

I would definitely talk with Wes Colwell about doing the presentation on 
Business Analysis & Reporting.  I think that he would do a great job!  

Please share this info with Mom and Dad:

Hotel: Hotel Royal Plaza (with Klein High School Bearkadettes) 
 
Phone:  (407) 828-2828

Air Travel: Miami Air charter leaving IAH at 4:30 PM on Thursday, March 2

  Miami Air charter leaving Orlando at 4:30 PM on Monday, March 6

Hotel in Orlanda: Thursday PM through Monday AM
   Hotel Royal Plaza
   Phone:  407-828-2828

Flight is charter on Miami Air, leaving IAH at about 4:30PM on March 2 
(Thursday), and returning about 6:30 PM to IAH on March 6 (Monday).  

I do not plan on checking messages, so if something critical comes up, please 
leave me a message at the hotel.  We are there with the Klein High School 
Bearkadettes, in case you need to know that to get a message to me.  

Thanks for making the arrangements in Boerne!  It's interesting to know that 
the mustard men are real and not just a made up story for tourists.
I am glad that I avoided them!  

Is this what you have from AA as a format/information that they are 
comfortable with?  --Sally 
Steven J Ehrig@ENRON
11/21/2000 05:21 PM
Sally,

The following attachment is the latest example of the "Curve Validation 
Summary" that we have in "soft copy" form.
We do have several, more recent, hard copies of the curve validation summary, 
but we felt that this attachment would better facilitate you.

Sincerely, 

Jack Ehrig

I will be out of the office on vacation on Thursday, Friday and Monday, March 
2, 3, and 6th.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106) will have
telephone and fax numbers for the hotel where I will be staying.  I will be 
at Disneyworld with my family and 90 members of my daughter's high
school drill team, so it is not likely that I will be available during the 
daytime.  However, I can be contacted at the hotel in the evening, if 
needed.  

While I am out, please contact the following for any operational needs: 

 Brent Price   Business Controller for Natural Gas  x37647

 Kristin Albrecht *   Business Controller for Power   x34763

*  Kristin will be in the office in the morning only on March 6: she will be 
in route to Portland in the afternoon.  

I will be back in the office on Tuesday, March 7.    

Rick:  Sorry, I should have sent this to you several days ago.  Is the level 
of detail correct on these goals as you look to assimilate these with 
others?  I have stated the goals, but not the action plan to achieve the 
goals.  I am working on those in some detail right now.   --Sally  

Goals for 2000
Global Risk Management Operations

I.  Build/Enhance Operational and Controls Infrastructure to Support:  

A.  Merchant Activities

Japan
Southern Cone
Continental Europe
Other regions as identified

B.  Emerging Businesses/Products

Enron Broadband Services
Credit Trading
Other products as identified

C.  Joint Ventures 

II.  Strengthen Mid and Back Office Talent and Controls for Global Risk 
Management Operations

A.  Establish common operational standards,with effective exception reporting

B.   Strengthen and support the controls mindset in key operational personnel

C.  Develop a plan to identify, develop and provide rotational opportunities 
to key operations employees 

D.  Continue to coordinate with IT to develop mid and back office systems 
that allow for timely and accurate compilation of data across  systems for 
risk and business reporting 
 

Rick:  Sorry, I should have sent this to you several days ago.  Is the level 
of detail correct on these goals as you look to assimilate these with 
others?  I have stated the goals, but not the action plan to achieve the 
goals.  I am working on those in some detail right now.   --Sally  

Goals for 2000
Global Risk Management Operations

I.  Build/Enhance Operational and Controls Infrastructure to Support:  

A.  Merchant Activities

Japan
Southern Cone
Continental Europe
Other regions as identified

B.  Emerging Businesses/Products

Enron Broadband Services
Credit Trading
Other products as identified

C.  Joint Ventures 

II.  Strengthen Mid and Back Office Talent and Controls for Global Risk 
Management Operations

A.  Establish common operational standards,with effective exception reporting

B.   Strengthen and support the controls mindset in key operational personnel

C.  Develop a plan to identify, develop and provide rotational opportunities 
to key operations employees 

D.  Continue to coordinate with IT to develop mid and back office systems 
that allow for timely and accurate compilation of data across  systems for 
risk and business reporting 
 

Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

02/25/2000 09:08 AM
Per your request.
Amy
Nicole Scott@ECT
01/28/2000 09:03 AM
Sharron,

Please see the attached doc for the 3.30pm conf call, please print of a color 
copy for Rick Buy & Rick Causey.

Niki

Was it not January when we were back and forth and back and forth to 
London/Helsinki?  And despite the fact that the date sequence from London 
looks funny, it would seem that Nigel on the 17th of February is talking 
about beginning the process (actually debating the process) of background 
checks?   
Steve W Young
02/17/2000 03:51 AM
Steve W Young
17/02/2000 09:50
If they are still employed (presuming all but Ilkka are still on the payroll) 
then I believe this should be requested.  As a matter of principal it should 
have been done for all in the first place and there should be no reason why 
it could not be done now.  Admittedly the reasons will now be obvious for the 
request, we can simply tell those checked that it was overlooked originally.  
Relative to Ilkka, there is no harm in requesting it as well.  Presuming he 
won't consent then we can discuss further.  

Nigel Sellens
17/02/2000 07:41
I have made contact with the security folks in Houston and been advised of 
what we need to do.  One obvious point is to understand the legal aspects of 
such a check.  I have now spoken to a Finnish lawyer who has advised that any 
employee background check (to include credit checks and bank checks) must 
have the prior written approval of the employee concerned and this would need 
to be provided to the source of the information before it is handed over.

I assume we need to re-think whether we want to go down this route given that 
this check process will now have a very visible profile in the Helsinki 
office.

What are your views?

With my recent travel, I am days (maybe weeks) behind on e:mail.  I didn't 
see my name on the attachment.  Do I have access to this?  

   
	
	

I have attached a spreadsheet with some basic information that I need in 
order to submit the security request for Livelink access.  Please verify the 
information that I have completed and complete the spreadsheet where your 
information is missing.  

Note:  If the column named New? has the word "Existing" or "Requested,"  I do 
not need the spreadsheet filled out because you have already been set up or 
are being set up.  You are on the list in order to add you to an additional 
group for the budget process.

If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at x3-4758.

Thanks,
Judy Thorne

Please print a color copy for me of the two attachments to Kate's memo.  
Thanks. 
Kate Agnew@ENRON
02/24/2000 05:46 PM
Joe, Mike and Kent

Thank you again for your offices' assistance  when we visited last week.

I have attached the drafts of the Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires reports.  Please 
review and let me know 
any comments or questions.  We are trying to finalize the reports as soon as 
possible so your response
is greatly appreciated.

Regards
Kate Agnew

Ted Murphy and I met with the Arther Andersen team this morning that 
accompanied us on our trip to Buenos Aires.  We reviewed the observations and 
recommendations in written form that we had discussed briefly with you on our 
last day your office.  After making a few changes, AA should be forwarding to 
you a copy of the draft document later this afternoon.   We would welcome 
your comments and your additions on anything that you think we may have 
missed.  Ted and I will be meeting with Rick Causey and Rick Buy within the 
next couple of days to discuss our operations and control review, so your 
responses would be welcomed prior to that meeting.  

I look forward to working with you and others in your office in my role over 
Global Risk Management Operations.  In addition to overseeing common 
standards and controls for opeartional practices, I will work as your 
advocate for system and resource needs in order to insure success for your 
business plan in Buenos Aires.  

Ted Murphy and I met this morning with the Arthur Andersen team that 
accompanied us to Sao Paulo.  We reviewed a summary of our observations and 
recommendations as a result of our visit.  After a few suggested changes, AA 
should forward a copy of this draft to you via e:mail later today.  We would 
welcome your comments on the document, and input on anything that you think 
we may have missed.  Ted and I will be reviewing this information with Rick 
Buy and Rick Causey as soon as a meeting can be scheduled, so your prompt 
comments or feedback would be welcomed.  

My travel lately has not allowed time to interview.  Gretchen Jennings in HR 
is supposed to be setting up interviews with appropriate candidates for me.  
She has a stack of all of the resumes that either I have received or those 
that responded to the posting.  I hope to start interviewing next week, 
although I will only be in the office Monday through Wednesday.  Feel free to 
move forward with whatever you need to do.  I trust that I will have several 
good candidates to consider, and Patti is doing a great job, also.  I need to 
find out if she would like to  be considered for the fulltime position.  

Thanks for this info.  I will call the students this week.  With your notes, 
it looks as if we may be on target in terms of acceptances and the desired 
number of 6.  Keep me posted on what we hear from the students.  --Sally

   

Dear OU Recruiting Team:

Based on our intern interviews conducted October 30 and 31, we identified 10 
prospective summer interns.  I have personally called each to extend offers 
for summer internships.  Their names and telephone numbers are below.  Please 
feel free to call and congratulate them.  It is important that we stay in 
touch with them throughout their decision phase.

Thank you so much for your help and have a WONDERFUL Thanksgiving!

lexi
3-4585

Peggy Hedstrom will be out of the office from March 1 - 11 for vacation. Our 
spring break week is March 13, so I have sent Peggy a note asking about 
sometime the week of March 20 or 27.  I will let you know her reply and then 
I would love to do a joint trip!  

Wanda Curry
02/15/2000 04:25 PM
What a good idea.  I am in Canada today because of some changing of the guard 
that needed to take place.  Could be persuaded to come with you when you 
return.

Wanda

I have not been able to schedule a review with Peggy yet, as I am still 
trying to schedule a trip to Calgary so that Peggy and I can do her review.  
She will be out of town from March 1 through March 11, so I will have to come 
to Calgary sometime after March 11.  I was in South America last week, and 
have been to London and Helsinki twice since mid-January, so scheduling 
reviews is a challenge this time around.  I will certainly get you a signed 
copy of the review as soon as I can. 

Clare,

Barry left me voicemail saying 1:30-2:30 pm would probably be okay - I will 
tentatively put that in Sally's calendar.  We can change later if need be.

Thanks,
Patti

Barry,
Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI.  A lot of people will be tied up 
all day Feb 29 at this offsite.  She would, however, like to set up time to 
meet with you in Houston on Wednesday, March 1.  Sally is available from 1:30 
- 5:00 in the afternoon.  Please let me know if there is a one hour slot that 
will work for you.

Thanks,
Patti Thompson x39106
(Sally's Assistant)
	Bob Butts @ ENRON
	02/16/2000 05:31 PM
	
Sent by: Dortha Gray@ENRON
Please see attached memo.

Ted, 

Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI.

Patti
Clare Ellis-Wood
02/17/2000 10:43 AM
Wanda

I have just spoken with Barry about arranging a visit for him to Houston.  He 
mentioned the week of 28 February being good for him.  I hope this will suit 
you and wonder if it will be possible to arrange any meetings with him on the 
Tuesday 29 Feb and Wednesday  1 March? I will book for him to arrive on the 
Monday and leave Houston on the Thursday.

Kind regards
Clare.

Another FAS 133 Offsite meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, Feb 29 (all 
day).  Sally asked me to forward this to you - would like you to attend if at 
all possible.  Scott, this is an FYI for you - I know you will be overseas on 
this date.

Patti  
	Bob Butts @ ENRON
	02/16/2000 05:31 PM
	
Sent by: Dortha Gray@ENRON
Please see attached memo.

Sally asked me to forward this to you.

Patti
	Bob Butts @ ENRON
	02/16/2000 05:31 PM
	
Sent by: Dortha Gray@ENRON
Please see attached memo.

Paige,

Sheila Glover and Scott Earnest will be attending for Sally.  Mike Moscoso is 
out of town.

Patti

Mike & Scott,

Sally asked me to forward this to you & wanted to know if there was any way 
possible you could attend. I apologize for the short notice, but with Sally 
going out of the country, things have been really hectic.   Sheila Glover 
will also be attending. 

Please let me know as soon as possible & I will let Paige know.

Thanks,
Patti 
x 39106

	
	

Let me know who you think is appropriate to represent your role.  I am sorry 
about not making our meeting today.  

Enron Implementation Offsite
Doubletree Hotel - TBA 
Wednesday, February 16,2000
8:30am - 5:00pm

You are invited to an Enron Implementation Offsite to discuss FAS 133.  The 
session will focus on the development and enhancement of the 
post-implementation FAS 133 functional processes.  We will then further 
develop the implementation plan for the detailed development of these 
processes and systems requirements.  Your participation in this stage is 
vital, as the final process will impact all of us.  

Questions regarding content can be directed to Paige Grumulaitis at x36271 or 
Ron Baker at x35562.  Please RSVP to Donna Jones at x 33175 by Friday, 
February 11th so she may have an accurate count for seating and 
refreshments.  

We look forward to working with you at the Offsite.

Ron Baker & Paige Grumulaitis

Kent,

Please forward this to Sally Beck.

Thanks,
Patti
Sue Frusco@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
02/13/2000 02:10 PM
Greetings.

Attached is the Argentine gas process flow, which has been under review for 
the past month or so by Mike Guerriero, his staff in BA and my group in 
Houston.   The Southern Cone trading support is based off of this model, so 
it also applies to power in BA and SP.   I do have process flows for power in 
both places, but I would like to revisit them prior to distribution.   If you 
would like them regardless, just let me know and I will pass them along asap.

I hope you have a successful trip.   Please let me know how I can be of 
help.   I am curious to hear your findings.

 Sue (713.349.0733 [home]; 713.703.3706 [mobile])

Thanks for the resume.  She has had some good experience.  Do you know much 
about her performance here at Enron?  Can I call and talk with her directly?  
I would certainly keep the conversation confidential at this point.  --Sally 

Vince J Kaminski
11/21/2000 08:14 AM
I am sending you a resume of  Renee Smith, an employee of EBS.

She is considering  a transfer at some point to another position within Enron.

She has a lot of brokerage industry experience and she is very enthusiastic
about Enron.

No need to mention it's a confidential request.

Have a very happy Thanksgiving.

Vince

I have asked Patti to send Sharron a list of all employees within Energy 
Operations (a BIG list) and another one with managers and above (perhaps a 
more manageable list) for this effort.  Since you went to the meeting I 
didn't know whether or not you were following up on this.  Just wanted to let 
you know that I have asked Patti to do this.  Thanks.  
Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

02/10/2000 01:14 PM
In staff meeting last week, Rick mentioned that he would like to sponsor a 
year-end celebration for accounting employees and spouses sometime in the 
next month.  I need a list of accounting personnel in your group.  We need 
this ASAP because the number of employees will determine the size of the 
facility needed.

I think that this was great, too.  I look forward to the next one.  Would you 
like to coordinate dinner plans for the next lecture? 

   
	
	

Sally,
Many thanks.. I thoroughly enjoyed last night.  Sarah Weddington was a 
delight and dinner was fun.. Kristin told safari stories..
Sheila

Approved.  Please process.
Thanks,
Sally Beck

Hi Sally:
Let's see if I can attach the correct Expense rpt!  

Would you pls forward this to "Expense Report" for processing?
 Thank you
Lynn x35333

FYI - I had included Diane Seib and Melinda Whalen (from Calgary) in my 
promotion memo from Energy Operations.  I believe that they both work under 
Peggy Hedstrom in operational roles.  I am sure that they didn't mind having 
their names included twice in promotional memos!  

Peggy says that you and Juanita are headed to Calgary next week, and she 
wondered if I would be coming.  I will be in South America in what should be 
summer there.  I do plan to make a trip to Calgary soon.  In addition to 
other things that Peggy and I have to cover, I plan to host a happy hour in 
Calgary to honor Peggy's promotion and Diane and Melinda, also.  I hosted a 
happy hour in Houston for Energy Operations employees who were promoted last 
week, and I wanted to do the same thing for the three in Calgary.  

I won't be able to join Wanda and Juanita in Calgary next week.  I will find 
myself in South America next week, in Sao Paolo and Buenos Aires.  Should be 
interesting, but a long flight.  I am cross referencing my calendar with your 
vacation days, and I will get back with you later today on a suggested date 
for a trip north.  

Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director, a promotion that is 
very well deserved.  I follow your career within Enron with interest.  

Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director.  That makes all of the 
life juggling seem a little more worthwhile, doesn't it?!

Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director, a promotion that is 
very well deserved.  You do an amazing job of balancing children and work, 
and contributing so much on your work on 133.  

Please print a color copy of this for me.  Thanks.  
Jean Spitzner@ENRON
02/08/2000 03:05 PM

Friday at 2:00 pm  --does that work for you?  --Sally 

Amita Gosalia
02/07/2000 11:07 AM
Hi Sally

I think I'll be in EOL meetings on Thursday and probably won't be able to 
make lunch.

Can we schedule a meeting for Friday please.  Currently I have the whole day 
free so you pick a time which is convenient for you.  I shall book other 
meetings after I have heard back from you.

Regards

Amita

   

Friday won't work for me for lunch this week, but Thursday is open for me at 
this point.  Would that day work for you?  If lunch won't work, then we will 
plan some time on the calendar for Thursday or Friday.  Let me know.   I will 
look forward to seeing you.  

How about our resources?   Is there someone working on Entelligence now for 
us that could at least temporarily be redirected to work on updating GCP 
appropriately?  

??  Will IT resources make a difference in what we need to deliver and how 
quickly we can do it?  Someone must be giving credit the idea that "if only 
we had IT resources..." and that those resources are active on Entelligence 
but are not helping us on other business basics.  --Sally 
Sally,

I share your pain about increased deal flow.  Have you spoken with Lavo about 
getting additional resources or is there a way to better allocate resources?  
Is the Entelligence database used by anybody?  Should we not focus those 
resources on GCP?

I am getting hammered on the exposure questions.

Please help!!!

Bill

   

I certainly agree that updated information from the wider company database 
should flow to update GCP.  I assume that you have talked with both Mary 
Solmonson and James Scribner about this process to understand the details.  
They are the logical experts for that discussion.  Your memo is a little 
vague on that, so if you are getting information from someone else and have 
not taken the time to talk with the best sources, I would suggest spending 
time with James and Mary so that you and they are appropriately informed.  

Absolutely there are procedures in place to handle these updates to GCP.  I 
believe that these are pretty manual, as there are no systematic feeds from 
Entelligence into GCP.  James and Mary (I refer to both because James has 
only recently assumed Mary's duties within Global Databases) can best discuss 
how this process works.  If you are aware of specific concerns around this, I 
know that James and Mary will want to hear that from you.  As is to be 
expected for any business that has experienced a 600% increase in the number 
of transactions year on year, there are challenges that we face daily in all 
of the tasks that we do.  Your input will help James in making sure that 
priorities are set and personnel are deployed to tackle the biggest issues 
that we have.  I recognize the challenge that Credit must be facing in 
aggregating exposures in our market environment today.  With your input, we 
will do our very best to be certain that the data surrounding the 5.000+ 
deals that are done daily is as accurate as possible.   

   

	
	                           
	

Sally,

I have been made aware of a disconnect between the data held in Global 
Counterparty and in Global Companies ( Entelligence). Much effort has been 
put forth in  "cleansing" the parent/subsidiary information presented in 
Entelligence, yet the same information is not being replicated in GCP except 
for on an ad hoc, manual basis. 

What is the standard for data population in GCP vs Entelligence? Should 
changes and corrections in Entelligence not flow to GCP since our risk and 
trading systems are based on the information housed therein? What process and 
or systems enhancements are necessary to accomplish this end result?

It appears we have a major GCP cleanup in the works while much of the work 
has been already been done for Entelligence. As we struggle to report trading 
positions properly,  let's take advantage of our in house knowledge and share 
counterparty data validation results in order to minimize research and data 
population efforts.

 Your comments and ideas are welcome. 

Debbie

Thanks  -- definitely not too late.  --Sally 

Rob Milnthorp
11/20/2000 11:52 AM
I apologize for not getting the requested feedback reviews completed by Nov 
17. However, I completed them over the weekend and I hope that its not too 
late to include my  feedback  in your compiled reviews.

Regards
Milnthorp

Thanks for keeping me posted on this.  Do let me know if there are further 
problems.  

Friday won't work for me for lunch this week, but Thursday is open for me at 
this point.  Would that day work for you?  If lunch won't work, then we will 
plan some time on the calendar for Thursday or Friday.  Let me know.   I will 
look forward to seeing you.  

The draft of the memo looks good.  However, your memo says that the memo will 
be sent to all US employees of ENA.  ENA by definition includes Canada and 
Mexico.  Therefore, please send the memo to all ENA employees, not just those 
in the US.  Several of those referenced in the memo as being promoted work in 
our Calgary office, so the memo should certainly be sent to those employees 
in Calgary.  I am at x35926 if you have any questions.  

Thank you,
Sally Beck
Vice President of Energy Operations

This made it!  We are still waiting today to find out if we can get a Visa 
today.  If so, I will be on the way to South America on Sunday evening.  If 
Chris' associate has any recommendations, I would love to hear them.  
Thanks.  --Sally 

Our other sister says this e-mail will work.   Let me know if you get this
by e-mailing me back!   By the way, if you need any tips for South America,
one of the guys who works with Chris is from Brazil - and a bunch of them
travel down there . . . cw

It does work!  We enjoyed seeing you, also.  Thanks for letting us crash 
temporarily at your house.  

Brent & Peggy,

Memo complete with exception of last paragraph write-up of your promotions.  
Sally made a beginning stab at it, but would like you to read over your 
segment and make any corrections or additions that you see fit (Peggy, in 
your case, can you fill in the blank).  When these are received back from 
you, I will call her (if it's this afternoon), and final copy will be 
distributed.  Thanks for your help.

Patti
x39106

Approved.  Please process.
Thanks,
Sally Beck

I am sorry, Sally. I attached the wrong expense report.  
Here is Todd's.

Thank you for calling me Patti!
Lynn

The attachment on Ted's memo contains the list of students who will attend 
the luncheon tomorrow.  Thanks again for doing this! --Sally 
George, Sally and Shelly,

The attachment is a list of the students who will be coming to Houston and
be going to both dinner and lunch.

We are looking forward to both dinner and our lunch/office tour of Enron.
Again, thank you for the effort and support Enron puts forth for our
program.

George, unless I hear otherwise, we will plan on meeting you and Shelly
tomorrow night at 8:00 at The Sierra Grill on Montrose. If we are running a
little late, we will be there shortly.

 <<OU Energy Management students who will be attending the North American
Prospect Expo.doc>>

Ted K. Jacobs
Director Energy Management
The University of Oklahoma
307 West Brooks, Room 218
Norman, OK  73019-4007
405-325-0758
405-325-2096 fax
E-mail: tjacobs@ou.edu
Website: www.ou.edu/business/em

 - OU Energy Management students who will be attending the North American 
Prospect Expo.doc

I will be attending a funeral in Austin on Thursday.  I can be reached on my 
cell phone (713-417-1951) in the morning and afternoon while driving to and 
from Austin.  If you need immediate information and I can not be reached on 
my cell phone, please contact Brent Price at x37647.  I will be back in the 
office on Friday.    

I will be out of the office on Tuesday, so have a great time without me.  
Have a great Thanksgiving. --Sally 

11/20/2000 10:58 AM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
11/20/2000 10:58 AM
11/20/2000 10:58 AM
Please join us at Kenneally's, Tuesday, Nov. 21st. at 6:00pm for a 
Teambuilding Happy Hour before the Thanksgiving Holiday break.  If you have 
any questions, please feel free to call Maria Sandoval (x35586) or myself at 
x31914.

Thanks,
Brenda

FYI...Thanks for going.  --Sally 
Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

02/02/2000 03:05 PM
REMINDER  A CAO Staff Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, Feb. 3   from 10:00 
- 11:00 in EB19C1.

The call in numbers for this meeting are:

 800 263-2234    or     423 544-7783

 Participant code 884109

 

Approved.  Please process.  Thanks.
Sally Beck

Kimberly Perkins
01/24/2000 01:47 PM
Sally,

Below is Stephen's expense report for your approval please.  Thank you.

Kim Perkins

Looks good.  Thanks,
Stephen

Kimberly Perkins
01/24/2000 10:07 AM
Stephen,

Attached is your expense report.  The $30 charge for your parking at the 
airport has been added.   Thank you.

Kim

David,
Can you resend 1/26/00 MPR?  I mistakingly deleted file before all worksheets 
were printed.

Thanks,
Patti (Sally's assistant)

Please join us for a celebration of Energy Operations promotions, hosted by 
ENA Energy Operations Management Team.  The following people will be honored 
at Irma's (22 N. Chenevert @ Franklin) on Thursday, February 3, 2000 from 
5:30 pm - 7:30 pm.

 Brent Price  Kristin Albrecht   Brenda Herod
 Leslie Reeves  Mary Solmonson  Scott Pleus
 Sheri Thomas  Bennett Kaufman  Richard McKeel
 John Postlewaite Sylvia Campos   Kam Keiser
 Phillip Love  Anthony Campos  Kori Loibl
 Trang Le  Donnie Vinson   Imelda Frayre
 Amy Degeyter  Michael Nguyen  Sherlyn Schumack
 Karie Hastings  Leslie Smith

Please RSVP by Friday, January 31 to Patti at ext. 39106 or e-mail reply.  
Directions will be available Monday at Patti's desk (3012f).
Hope to see you there!
 

I can not attend as I will be in the London office for the remainder of the 
week.  Hope that all is well with you.  We will have to catch up soon.  

Please forward to James Scribner.  He will call with his e:mail address. =
=20
Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON

Recognizing Enron=01,s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energ=
y=20
business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of ou=
r=20
risk management activities, regardless of location, a global risk managemen=
t=20
operations function has been created under the direction of Sally W. Beck,=
=20
Vice President.  In this role, Sally will report to Rick Causey, Executive=
=20
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. =20

Sally=01,s responsibilities with regard to Global Risk Management Operation=
s=20
will mirror those of other recently created Enron global functions.  In thi=
s=20
role, Sally will work closely with all Enron geographic regions and wholesa=
le=20
companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional suppo=
rt=20
while also focusing on the following global responsibilities:

1. Enhance communication among risk management operations professionals.
2. Assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe.=
 =20
3. Facilitate the allocation of human resources. =20
4. Provide training for risk management operations personnel.
5. Coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems.=20
6. Oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk=20
management activities.
7. Establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices=
=20
and create key benchmarks for measuring on-going risk controls.  =20

Each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationsh=
ip=20
within its business unit, and will collaborate with Sally in the delivery o=
f=20
these critical items. The Houston-based risk management operations team und=
er=20
Sue Frusco=01,s leadership, which currently supports risk management activi=
ties=20
for South America and Australia, will also report directly to Sally.  =20

Sally retains her role as Vice President of  Energy Operations for Enron=20
North America, reporting to the ENA Office of the Chairman.  She has been i=
n=20
her current role over Energy Operations since 1997, where she manages risk=
=20
consolidation and reporting, risk management administration, physical produ=
ct=20
delivery, confirmations and cash management for ENA=01,s physical commodity=
=20
trading, energy derivatives trading and financial products trading. =20

Sally has been with Enron since 1992, when she joined the company as a=20
manager in Global Credit.  Prior to joining Enron,  Sally had four years=20
experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered=20
securities principal with a regional investment banking firm.  She also own=
ed=20
and managed a retail business for several years.=20

Please join me in supporting Sally in this additional coordination role for=
=20
global risk management operations.

Thanks for your note!  --Sally 

Thanks for forwarding mail to me.  I apologize for the inconvenience of 
this.  My current e:mail address is sally.beck@enron.com, as suggested within 
the past few months by the technology group that all addresses use the long 
name.   HOWEVER, my e:mail address prior to that was sbeck@ect.enron.com.  
That was printed on my business cards, many of which are still in circulation 
I am sure.  When ECT became ENA, I changed my e:mail address to drop the ect 
reference and to use my long name rather than sbeck.  So I can see why you 
would receive my mail on occassion if someone is either making an educated 
guess on the address or referencing my old card.  SInce there are at least 2 
sbeck's here, have you thought about adopting use of your long name address 
rather than the shorter version to help in further differentiating between 
us?   That might help eliminate confusion going forward.  

Thanks for the note.  While most of my focus will be on ENA, it will be 
interesting to look at operations around the world. 

Please find out location of this conference call and put the details on my 
calendar.  Thanks. --
Sally 
John Paskin
01/21/2000 10:52 AM
Beth - Here are the details of the VC on Thursday

Sally - obviously this is 9am CST - I'm not sure where the VC takes place in 
Houston - hopefully Wanda/Philippe/Cindy can tell you

cheers

John

Ann-Louise Pearce
13/01/2000 16:29
At last I have managed to find a date that is convenient to most of you.  

THURSDAY 27 JANUARY 2000  
15:00 (GMT) (2 hours)
Video conference (5th floor VC room 1)

Attendees:
Wanda Curry
Philippe Bibi
Cindy Morrow
Ian Sloman
Michael Dugdale
John Paskin

Optional
Melissa Becker
Mark Pickering
Fernley Dyson
Moria Brown

Many thanks for all your help.   

I have already sent out the invitation this is just for your information.

Thanks
Ann-Louise Pearce
x34015

I am out of the office all day on Wednesday. --Sally 

11/20/2000 01:43 PM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
11/20/2000 01:43 PM
11/20/2000 01:43 PM
Maria and I are trying to get an idea of how many of you guys and gals will 
actually be here on Wednesday and for how long.  Please let us know as soon 
as possible.  

Thanks,
Brenda

Please put my name on the list to attend this forum on Wednesday, January 
26.  Thanks.  

Thanks-- I think!  

I always have time for lunch!  I will ask my assistant to call you to set 
something up.  Thanks for your note.  --Sally 

Thanks for the note.  I am glad that you are enjoying Portland.  I am still 
on the 30th floor, so do drop by sometime when you are in town.  I would love 
to see you.  --Sally 

Thanks for the note.  I hope that you are enjoying your role in EES.  

Thanks -- I now know that you read notes mail messages very promptly!  
--Sally 

Thanks for the note, Sherri.  I know that you read notes mail messages very 
promptly!  --Sally 

Two of you had to leave the staff meeting before this final discussion point 
and three of you were not in attendance, so I wanted to send you the attached 
memo that I distributed at the end of the meeting.  This memo will be sent by 
Rick Causey via notes mail regarding an additional role that I will assume 
with regard to global operations.  I shared this in the staff meeting so that 
you would be the first to know.  I will still fulfill my role within ENA as 
VP of Energy Operations.  I will not be going away!  This expanded 
responsibility should create addtional opportunities for operations personnel 
and will validate some of the global functions that we already provide to the 
organization.  

It is officially on the way!  We will see how long it takes to get=20
distributed.  --Sally=20
Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

01/17/2000 02:48 PM
The following memo needs to be sent to all Enron Employees from Rick Causey=
.

Recognizing Enron=01,s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energ=
y=20
business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of ou=
r=20
risk management activities, regardless of location, a global risk managemen=
t=20
operations function has been created under the direction of Sally W. Beck,=
=20
Vice President.  In this role, Sally will report to Rick Causey, Executive=
=20
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. =20

Sally=01,s responsibilities with regard to Global Risk Management Operation=
s=20
will mirror those of other recently created Enron global functions.  In thi=
s=20
role, Sally will work closely with all Enron geographic regions and wholesa=
le=20
companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional suppo=
rt=20
while also focusing on the following global responsibilities:

1. Enhance communication among risk management operations professionals.
2. Assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe.=
 =20
3. Facilitate the allocation of human resources. =20
4. Provide training for risk management operations personnel.
5. Coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems.=20
6. Oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk=20
management activities.
7. Establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices=
=20
and create key benchmarks for measuring on-going risk controls.  =20

Each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationsh=
ip=20
within its business unit, and will collaborate with Sally in the delivery o=
f=20
these critical items. The Houston-based risk management operations team und=
er=20
Sue Frusco=01,s leadership, which currently supports risk management activi=
ties=20
for South America and Australia, will also report directly to Sally.  =20

Sally retains her role as Vice President of  Energy Operations for Enron=20
North America, reporting to the ENA Office of the Chairman.  She has been i=
n=20
her current role over Energy Operations since 1997, where she manages risk=
=20
consolidation and reporting, risk management administration, physical produ=
ct=20
delivery, confirmations and cash management for ENA=01,s physical commodity=
=20
trading, energy derivatives trading and financial products trading. =20

Sally has been with Enron since 1992, when she joined the company as a=20
manager in Global Credit.  Prior to joining Enron,  Sally had four years=20
experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered=20
securities principal with a regional investment banking firm.  She also own=
ed=20
and managed a retail business for several years.=20

Please join me in supporting Sally in this additional coordination role for=
=20
global risk management operations.=20

I liked the new signs for the new hire network this morning, as opposed to 
the signs for new hire orientation.  Just wanted to let you know that I 
noticed the difference!  I will be curious to hear about changes to the 
content as well.  

Hope your are doing well.  We will have to have lunch after you get through 
January!  --Sally 

Could there be other counterparties that have the same concern as Hess?  You 
will have to explain to me what the issue was.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Brent A Price
11/20/2000 12:17 PM
Talked to Steve a few minutes ago.  We will adjust our process as necessary 
to allow Hess to aggregate trades on a daily basis.  I do not know the reason 
we stopped doing this but we will revert back to the old process.  Let me 
know if you need anything else.

Brent

Louise Kitchen
20/11/2000 10:54
I received  a phone call from Steve Semlitz who runs Hess Trading in New 
York.  He is frustrated with the new way he is dealing with settlement post 
the introduction of EOL.  In that now we do not allow him to aggregate.  
Please give him a call and find a way to resolve his problem.

Steve Semlitz 1 212 536 8470

Thanks

Louise

Let us know what happens.

This is the most immediate response that I have ever gotten on notes mail!  
Just let me know and I will be there.  Thanks. 

John Paskin
01/14/2000 11:07 AM
Sally

I don't know yet - I'll try and find out who is organising the VC from the 
Houston end

cheers

John

   

Thanks for the note about the video conference.  I have put that date on my 
calendar and I am very interested in the discussion.  Any details on where I 
need to go in Houston to join in?  --Sally 

John Paskin
01/14/2000 03:43 AM
Sally

We are running a videoconference between London and Houston on Thursday 27th 
Jan at 9am CST/3pm GMT.  The topic of the meeting is 'Lessons Learned by 
Enron Europe about the SAP Apollo implementation'.  Attendees including 
Philippe Bibi, Cindy Morrow, Mark Pickering, Ian Sloman.   You are more than 
welcome to attend if you would like 

cheers

John

Melissa Becker@ENRON
12/01/2000 20:13
Is Sally Beck invited to your videoconference?  Woul dthis be useful for 
her?  i am interested in understanding more about your comment that "barriers 
dissolving between settlements, cash, and accounting teams", and I imagine 
she would be too.

Thanks for the note about the video conference.  I have put that date on my 
calendar and I am very interested in the discussion.  Any details on where I 
need to go in Houston to join in?  --Sally 

John Paskin
01/14/2000 03:43 AM
Sally

We are running a videoconference between London and Houston on Thursday 27th 
Jan at 9am CST/3pm GMT.  The topic of the meeting is 'Lessons Learned by 
Enron Europe about the SAP Apollo implementation'.  Attendees including 
Philippe Bibi, Cindy Morrow, Mark Pickering, Ian Sloman.   You are more than 
welcome to attend if you would like 

cheers

John

Melissa Becker@ENRON
12/01/2000 20:13
Is Sally Beck invited to your videoconference?  Woul dthis be useful for 
her?  i am interested in understanding more about your comment that "barriers 
dissolving between settlements, cash, and accounting teams", and I imagine 
she would be too.

Please take these meetings off my calendar.  Thanks! 
Lorraine Becker
01/12/2000 04:47 PM
Please cancel all future EOL weekly meetings from your calendars.   Should 
you have any questions regarding EOL, please feel free to contact either the 
Help Desk at x3-4357 or any of the Product Controls Group.

Thank you for your participation in previous meetings.

Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is wonderful to 
see your contributions recognized in that way!  --Sally 

Congratulations on your new role in the communciations company.  Building 
that business will be exciting and how great for the company that you will be 
there!  

Attached is a memo that Rick plans to send out - I hope that attaching this 
makes it easy for you to take care of this.  I am delivering to him a 
highlighted copy of the memo so that he will know about a few wording changes 
that I have made since the last time that he saw this in draft form.  He is 
certainly free to make any other changes before it goes out.  Call me with 
any questions.  

John and I haven't talked about this need, but I will certainly think about 
any likely candidates.  Danny Clark, who used to work in Deal Clearing & 
Documentation for ECT a couple of years ago, is in EES as far as I know.  He 
was knowledgeable and meticulous, understood trading as he was a risk book 
administrator in a previous life.  Have you considered him?  Give me a couple 
of days to think about potential candidates from within ENA, and I will get 
back with you.  --Sally  

Well, we're a few years behind you, but one of my goals is to set up a 
confirm desk for EES.  John Echols told me he gave you a call to see whether 
there were any candidates from your shop for whom this might be an 
opportunity.  Please let me know if  any background or perspective would be 
helpful. 
thanks. 

This includes OU and UT -- you can ignore the OU names, but there are some 
good students that I can introduce you to when they arrive!
George Hope
01/10/2000 07:27 AM

Cecilia, pls forward attachment. Thx.

I believe that we may have a potentially good fit for Avril, but my direct 
report who would have to add her to his staff is on vacationing out of town 
until Monday.  I will talk with him on Monday morning and I will have him 
visit with Jeff Sorenson, who previously interviewed Avril (he liked her and 
was favorably impressed, but had no position for her).  We may then want to 
be able to talk with Avril by phone, since a face-to-face interview will not 
be possible.  We should have a decision then very early in the week.  Since 
you will be in Houston I can update you in person.  I would not panic!  

I will be out of the office tomorrow and I have asked Mary Solmonson to 
attend in my place.  Have a great Thanksgiving! --Sally

Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

11/20/2000 03:46 PM
The CAO staff meeting tomorrow November 21 will be in 49C1 at 8:30.   This is 
a new location for this meeting. 

Many of you have said that this is not on your calendar.  It has been a year 
since we started these meeting and if it was placed on the calendar for 1 
year it has fallen off. 

Everyother week at 8:30 on Tuesday.   49C1

Kathryn Corbally@ENRON
01/05/2000 07:52 PM
Sally, Attached are two draft slides that we wish to include in the analyst 
presentation. I am hoping that you will be able to coordinate the extraction 
of the data necessary to complete the slides.

The slides are basically maps of our power and gas operations but surrounded 
with some hard data on particular aspects of the business to demonstrate our 
scope and size. I would suggest that the maps are printed out and you will 
then easily see the data we require and the format we wish to use to present 
it. However , in summary the information needed is:

GAS
Storage Capability, Leased and Owned
Number of Counterparties - 1997, 1998, 1999
Contract type by customer in  %  - I have segregated by Industrials, LDCs, 
and Other, but I am open for  better suggestions
Transport contracts - bcf/d - firm and Interruptible, 
Term of contracts  - I suggested ,<1 year,< 10years, >10years  but again am 
open for more appropriate terms
Peak daily deliveries - Btue/d - 1997, 1998, 1999

POWER
Contract type by customer in  %  - I have segregated by Marketers, Utilities 
and Other, but I am open for  better suggestions
Term of contracts  - I suggested ,<1 year,< 10years, >10years  but again am 
open for more appropriate terms
Number of counterparties -1996,1997, 1998, 1999

If there is data that you or your team believe is more appropriate to 
demonstrate our activities in these markets please let me know. I will be 
very grateful for such additional material and information . 

As always our timeline is tight and would therefore appreciate the data by 
close of business Friday.   
Let me know how this works
Thank you, 
Kathryn   
Michael Darnall
01/05/2000 07:11 PM

Preview of info request before targeted 4:30 PM meeting in my office today.  
Kathryn Corbally@ENRON
01/05/2000 07:52 PM
Sally, Attached are two draft slides that we wish to include in the analyst 
presentation. I am hoping that you will be able to coordinate the extraction 
of the data necessary to complete the slides.

The slides are basically maps of our power and gas operations but surrounded 
with some hard data on particular aspects of the business to demonstrate our 
scope and size. I would suggest that the maps are printed out and you will 
then easily see the data we require and the format we wish to use to present 
it. However , in summary the information needed is:

GAS
Storage Capability, Leased and Owned
Number of Counterparties - 1997, 1998, 1999
Contract type by customer in  %  - I have segregated by Industrials, LDCs, 
and Other, but I am open for  better suggestions
Transport contracts - bcf/d - firm and Interruptible, 
Term of contracts  - I suggested ,<1 year,< 10years, >10years  but again am 
open for more appropriate terms
Peak daily deliveries - Btue/d - 1997, 1998, 1999

POWER
Contract type by customer in  %  - I have segregated by Marketers, Utilities 
and Other, but I am open for  better suggestions
Term of contracts  - I suggested ,<1 year,< 10years, >10years  but again am 
open for more appropriate terms
Number of counterparties -1996,1997, 1998, 1999

If there is data that you or your team believe is more appropriate to 
demonstrate our activities in these markets please let me know. I will be 
very grateful for such additional material and information . 

As always our timeline is tight and would therefore appreciate the data by 
close of business Friday.   
Let me know how this works
Thank you, 
Kathryn   
Michael Darnall
01/05/2000 07:11 PM

The industry quote below is interesting.  I have a call in to Bob to ask him 
to get you key measurements on EOL business to date.  --Sally 
	
	

David Forster
01/06/2000 12:25 PM
I thought some of you might like to see the following press quote, which was 
taken from a UK daily natural gas publication today. It nicely sums up 
EnronOnline:

"A new web based trading service drew significant levels of interest......One 
trader says he did "50 or 60 deals on EnronOnline.  "There's nothing 
fundamentally better about the form of trading", he says, "but they're always 
there, they're firm, and they don't go into a meeting for an hour."" - 
Petroleum Argus Ltd

Dave

Please  update my listing for direct reports.  Do you distribute a copy of 
this to my direct reports?  If so, please get an updated copy to them as 
well.  Thanks! 
	
	

Brenda has a new pager. She can be paged numerically at (877) 497.3757 or 
through your Lotus Notes Message to Pager feature.  If you need to send her a 
BRIEF e-mail through her pager and do not have access to your Lotus Notes 
Message to Pager feature she can be reached by e-mailing 
8777208398.4973757@pagenetmessage.net. If you have any questions please call 
and if you know of anyone else who may need this information please pass this 
on.  

Thank You!
Yvette
x3.5953

University of Texas alumni report attached.

LN

 

   
	
	

Happy New Year, Lisa!  Can you please pull a list of University of Texas 
alumni for me?  I'd appreciate your help.  Thanks!

Elyse
30565

THE ATTACHED IS THE CORRECT VERSION.  Please disregard an earlier version of 
this form sent to Chris Shenkman by Dawn Doucet.  That version was not 
complete.  

Attached please find a completed employee profile for Brent Price for 
consideration for promotion to Vice President.  Please call me if you have 
any questions.  

The address list on the memo below contains the names of all ENA Energy 
Operations employees who worked in the offices in Houston, Denver and Calgary 
on January 1st to test our systems.   Does it work for you to copy and paste 
this for Cliff's note?  Let me know if it would be better to provide this to 
you in a different way.  Thanks.  --Sally 

I wanted to extend my thanks in advance to all of you who will join me in the 
office on January 1, 2000.  I appreciate your willingness to devote part of 
your holiday weekend to the continuing success story at Enron.  

As a company, Enron has spent much time and effort to ensure that business 
will continue smoothly as we move into the year 2000.  Ken Walther, in 
working with many of you, has done an excellent job of preparing a work plan 
for January 1.    Your  work on the first  will be the final step in this 
process.  Your efforts that day will allow all ENA employees to return to the 
office on January 4th with confidence in our ability to continue business as 
usual.  

I wish each one of you a happy new year.  I continually feel privileged to 
work with this dedicated and talented group of  employees.  I look forward to 
all that we will accomplish in 2000.   

Thanks for being so prompt.  

   
	
	

Sally, as requested.. Sheila

Bennett Kaufman manages the Equity Trading and Credit Spread Trading Risk 
Management Groups.  He has been in this postion since February 1999.  He 
joined Enron in February 1998 as a Senior Specialist in Natural Gas 
Derivatives supporting the  Options Book..  Prior to coming to Houston, 
Bennett worked for investment banking firms in New York.  Bennett just 
completed his MBA in December.  

These dates look fine -- I hope that you have something fun planned!  The 
only slight glitch is that I will receive the bonus sheets on Monday, January 
10 and that our turn around time is one day.  If it is convenient for you we 
can talk by phone on Monday night to review bonuses for your group or we can 
plan on meeting first thing on Tuesday, the 11th.  I do not yet know at what 
time on Tuesday we will have to have final changes made.  --Sally 

   
	
	

Sally, Gary,

I would like the following vacation time off:
Monday, Jan 10th (changed from Jan 11th)
February 21-25
March 15 - 17

Thanks. Sheila

Thanks for keeping me posted on the PRC meeting.  I will make travel plans 
for the afternoon of December 13th accordingly.  --Sally 

   
	
	

I spoke with Charlene, she said they would start the meeting at 7:30 am and 
should be done by noon or early afternoon.  Dave is ok with that...

Thanks,

Kay

   

I will be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday this week.  I can be 
reached at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591) if 
needed.   I will be checking and responding to voice mail messages while I am 
out as well.  

In my absence, please contact the following persons regarding trading 
operations issues:

Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306
    Leslie Reeves x37962

Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982
    Leslie Reeves x37962

DPR    Shona Wilson x39123
    
MPR    David Maxwell x36983

Reference for future months.  
	
	

Sally, Gary,

I would like the following vacation time off:
Monday, Jan 10th (changed from Jan 11th)
February 21-25
March 15 - 17

Thanks. Sheila

Does the info as provided from HR indicate MBA's from UT?  I know that Enron 
probably has a number of undergrads from UT.  At this point, I am 
specifically interested in UT MBA's, as it is the Houston Chapter of UT's 
Graduate Business Network for which I will now serve on the steering 
committee.  Thanks!  --Sally 

Happy New Year, Lisa!  Can you please pull a list of University of Texas 
alumni for me?  I'd appreciate your help.  Thanks!

Elyse
30565

1) Y2K Team:  Let me know if you would like to send a notes mail message from 
you to the individuals that were here on Saturday, January 1 for the Y2K 
testing.  I have created an address list that contains those names that I 
could forward to Susan Skarness to use for that purpose.  

2) Draft Memo from Rick Causey:  Attached is a draft memo that Rick Causey 
proposes to send this week that describes a coordination role that I will 
play on certain operational policies and procedures that should be 
coordinated in all trading locations.   I have left you some comments 
regarding this on my voice mail.  I would welcome your comments or 
questions.  

Is there one for this week? Pls. let me know.  Thx.

I am resending the original message that I sent to Kevin regarding Rick 
Causey's memo.  Please refer him to the second point in my e:mail, as well as 
the attachment.  Thanks.  

I will commit to writing the three items that I had hoped to discuss with you 
today.  Feel free to get back with me via voice mail (x35926).  If you would 
prefer to discuss any of these with me, you can reach me at home from 
December 20-23 while I am on vacation.  My home number is 281-370-8568.  I 
will be back at work for the week between Christmas and New Years. 

1)  January 1:  Do you want me to call you that day after we have tested all 
systems to give you a status update?  I can leave a voice mail for you at 
your Enron number.  Or if you prefer, I would be happy to call you if you 
will provide me with a number where you will be.  Cliff Baxter and several 
key commercial personnel have asked that I call them after we have completed 
our testing of all systems that support each commodity and product that we 
trade in North America.  I will make these phone calls myself, and will 
naturally treat all phone numbers that I have been given as confidential.  
Please let me know your preference for notification.  

2)  Definition of a global focus for trading operations:  Attached is a draft 
memo that Rick Causey proposes to send.  This memo describes a coordination 
role that I will play on certain operational policies and procedures that 
should be coordinated in all trading locations.  Please let me and/or Rick 
know if you have any comments or suggestions.  I had hoped to briefly discuss 
this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points:  (1) 
This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the 
needs of ENA.  I have worked very hard to assure a level of accuracy, control 
and service in ENA operations.  Through that hard work, I believe that I have 
your confidence in my ability to deliver results.  I  would do nothing to 
jeopardize that.  (2)  There is a need for this coordination function, and 
some one will play that role.  If I play that role, I can be in the best 
position to influence outcomes with ENA's needs in mind.    

3)   Gas Logistics:  I will talk with Whalley about my thoughts on this, but 
I had wanted to make you aware that Jeff Shankman believes that he wants 
logistics to report to him.  His stated reason to me is that he wants it to 
"look like power".  I had wanted to discuss with you your thoughts on what  
the criteria should be on which we make that decision.  I will propose to 
Greg and Jeff that gas logistics should be located in direct proximity to the 
regional traders in order to facilitate the flow of commercially viable 
information about the pipes and capacity.  ( We have that now for the Central 
and West desks, and should be able to make this happen as the 32nd floor is 
built out for gas.)  I believe, however, that gas logistics should now report 
to Brent Price, my business controller over gas for the East, Central and 
West regions.  Brent would then have operations truly front to back (risk, 
confirmations, scheduling and invoicing) and he sits on 31 and works very 
closely with Jeff.   Also, Brent would be in the best position to ensure that 
the logistics team meets requirements for timeliness and accuracy of 
volumetric information so that we can achieve our target headcount reduction 
in gas operations of 52 by year end 2000.  Without a continuing focus in 
logistics on the downstream information needs, I will be concerned about our 
ability to deliver our projected cost savings.  I also believe that Brent 
will be in the best position to ensure minimal flash to actual variances.  
While Greg and Jeff were certainly both with ECT in 1996 when we had an 
earnings hit as a result of flash to actual variances, I am not sure that 
either one was involved closely enough to appreciate the need for a strong 
front to back focus to prevent these problems, and that includes holding 
logistics accountable for their part in this.  

I will let you know the outcome of my conversations with Greg and Jeff on 
this issue.   

We are wrapping up several hours in the office and have tested all 
commodities front to back.  We found a few minor issues, primarily reports 
with report dates that were incorrect.  The content and underlying 
calculations in the reports were correct.  These were really just query and 
formatting issues.  All were quick fixes of five minutes or less.  So at this 
point we feel confident about our system situation.  More will unfold with 
counterparties next week, but hopefully all found this as uneventful as have 
we.  

Hope your new year's celebration was fun.  We saw pictures of the London 
festivies on TV as we were cooking our New Year's eve dinner last night at 
home.  

See you soon.  

I wanted to extend my thanks in advance to all of you who will join me in the 
office on January 1, 2000.  I appreciate your willingness to devote part of 
your holiday weekend to the continuing success story at Enron.  

As a company, Enron has spent much time and effort to ensure that business 
will continue smoothly as we move into the year 2000.  Ken Walther, in 
working with many of you, has done an excellent job of preparing a work plan 
for January 1.    Your  work on the first  will be the final step in this 
process.  Your efforts that day will allow all ENA employees to return to the 
office on January 4th with confidence in our ability to continue business as 
usual.  

I wish each one of you a happy new year.  I continually feel privileged to 
work with this dedicated and talented group of  employees.  I look forward to 
all that we will accomplish in 2000.   

I know that over the past few weeks you have been handling your daily 
responsibilities and working on the transition of business from our 
aquisition of CES's wholesale business.  I realize that balancing all of this 
has been demanding, especially with the holidays, bid week and other end of 
year actitivies.  Thank you for the extra effort that you have given to 
effectively absorb the CES book of business.  It is noticed and appreciated.  

As we look forward to the new year, I thank you for your accomplishments and 
contributions in 1999.  It was a challenging and rewarding year for ENA and 
Energy Operations.  I hope that each one of you enjoys the New Year's 
celebration.  I look forward to all that will be accomplished by working 
together in 2000.   

FYI -- As a result of a discussion that I had earlier in the week with 
Georgeanne...
	
	

FYI
	
	

Effective immediately, please invite your Energy Ops team representatives to 
all future meetings with the Commercial teams.

Gas- Brent Price
Power- Kristin Albrecht
Emerging Ops- Scott Pleus
IR/FX/Equity- Sheila Glover
Paper- Jeff Harbert

In addition to communicating the purpose of the meeting, please deliver via 
e-mail  the information to be reviewed prior to the meeting. This will enable 
the Energy Ops representative to raise any concerns/issues he/she might have 
prior to meeting with the commercial leads, and give us an opportunity to 
address these in advance. Thanks.

  

Approved.  Pls. process.  Thx.  Sally Beck

	
	

Thanks for the note.  The family is doing well -- keeping us busy with a=20
teenager driver, one in junior high and Tyler who is almost three.  Hope th=
at=20
you and your family are doing well.  I know that you must be busy at EES. =
=20
Enjoy this upcoming holiday season.  --Sally=20

Sally,

just wanted to drop you a note to say congratulations on your expanded role=
.=20
i hope everything is well w/ you & your family.

regards,
nh
Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@ENRON
11/08/2000 04:59 PM

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
We are making a number of significant organizational changes.  These change=
s=20
are intended to accomplish four key objectives:

First, we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successfu=
l=20
business model developed over the last decade in North America and Europe. =
=20
This model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built=20
around a relatively small strategic asset position.

Second, we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting=20
relationships.  Particularly with Joe Sutton=01,s departure, the ability to=
=20
directly manage the day-to-day activities of 15 independent business units=
=20
has become increasingly difficult.

Third, we need to accomplish these changes without, in any way, compromisin=
g=20
the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or=20
hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower-yieldin=
g=20
asset positions.

And fourth, as always, we need to take advantage of the reorganization to=
=20
redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities.

ENRON WHOLESALE SERVICES

Today, we are forming Enron Wholesale Services (EWS) which will consolidate=
=20
our global wholesale businesses.  The closer alignment of our wholesale=20
businesses will accomplish the following: (1) enhanced communication and=20
coordination across business units, (2) more rapid deployment of people to=
=20
higher valued opportunities, (3) more effective prioritization of=20
opportunities across the wholesale business, and (4) more rapid extension o=
f=20
Enron=01,s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries an=
d=20
markets.

Enron Wholesale Services will include our current North American, European=
=20
(including Japan and Australia), Global Markets, and Industrial Markets=20
operations, and will be expanded to include Enron=01,s Net Works business u=
nit=20
as well as a new unit =01) Enron Global Assets.  In addition, Enron=01,s me=
rchant=20
businesses outside of North America and Europe will be integrated into this=
=20
new structure as described below.

Mark Frevert, currently Chairman of each of our wholesale units, will assum=
e=20
the role of Chairman and CEO of Enron Wholesale Services.  Greg Whalley,=20
currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Net Works, will join Mark in the Office=
=20
of the Chairman as President and Chief Operating Officer.

Providing further impetus for these organizational changes, several of our=
=20
international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadershi=
p=20
positions:

Rebecca McDonald, currently CEO of Enron APACHI, will join EWS as President=
=20
and CEO of Enron Global Assets. Enron Global Assets will have responsibilit=
y=20
for managing all of Enron=01,s existing energy asset portfolio outside of N=
orth=20
America and Europe.  Joining Rebecca in the Office of the Chairman as COO=
=20
will be Jim Hughes, currently COO of Enron APACHI.  Rebecca and Jim will=20
report to the EWS Office of the Chairman.

Sanjay Bhatnagar, currently CEO of Enron India, has joined EBS as CEO for t=
he=20
Middle East and Asia region.  Sanjay will be responsible for building our=
=20
broadband business in this region and the current EBS team in this region=
=20
will report to Sanjay.  In this role, Sanjay will report to the EBS office =
of=20
the Chairman.  In addition, Sanjay will continue to remain responsible for=
=20
Enron=01,s wholesale energy business in India and will transition this busi=
ness=20
into Enron Global Assets in the near future.
=20
Diomedes Christodoulou, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, has joined=
=20
EBS as Chief Commercial Officer.  Diomedes will be located in London and wi=
ll=20
focus his origination activities on global opportunities, with near term=20
attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors.  Diomedes will report to=
=20
the EBS Office of the Chairman.

Jim Bannantine, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, will be joining EE=
S=20
to lead EES=01, commercial efforts outside North America and Europe.  In or=
der=20
to ensure a smooth transition for our South American businesses and to=20
facilitate our asset sales activities, Jim will remain in South America for=
=20
at least the next several months and continue to serve as CEO of Enron Sout=
h=20
America.  Throughout the transition, Jim will report to Cliff Baxter and to=
=20
the Office of the Chairman of Enron Wholesale Services.  Following the=20
transition, Jim will join EES.

In addition to these changes in our international asset operations=20
activities, we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale=
=20
businesses and the commercial support functions:

Enron Net Works
Louise Kitchen will assume Greg=01,s previous responsibilities as President=
 and=20
CEO of Enron Net Works, reporting into Mark and Greg. =20

Enron Americas
Concurrent with the transfer to Enron Global Assets of responsibility for=
=20
operating Enron=01,s South and Central America asset base, all trading,=20
marketing, and new asset development activities in these regions will repor=
t=20
into a new entity, Enron Americas.  Enron Americas will have responsibility=
=20
for all wholesale merchant businesses across North, Central and South=20
America.  Dave Delainey, President and CEO, and John Lavorato, Chief=20
Operating Officer will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron=20
Americas.

Enron Europe
The Enron Europe organization, which includes Enron=01,s businesses in Aust=
ralia=20
and Japan, and Enron Metals, remains unchanged under the leadership of John=
=20
Sherriff, President and CEO, and Michael Brown, Chief Operating Officer.

Enron Global Markets
Enron Global Markets, under the leadership of Mike McConnell, President and=
=20
CEO, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer, will continue to have=20
responsibility for Enron=01,s Middle East and LNG operations.  With the=20
exception of Ecoelectrica in Puerto Rico, all operating power plants and=20
associated personnel in the Caribbean and Central America will transfer to=
=20
Enron Global Assets.  Enron Global Markets will also continue to manage the=
=20
commodity businesses in crude and products, coal, weather, insurance,=20
equities, interest rates, foreign exchange, and agricultural products.

Enron Industrial Markets
Enron Industrial Markets=01, organization, under the leadership of Jeff McM=
ahon,=20
President & CEO, and Ray Bowen, Chief Operating Officer, remains unchanged.

Commercial Support for EWS
The commercial support functions for EWS will remain with, and be managed b=
y,=20
the individual business units.  We are creating no incremental overhead in=
=20
the creation of EWS, and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more=
=20
efficient utilization and sharing of resources across EWS.

To this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across=
=20
EWS in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units.  These=
=20
newly defined roles are as follows:

Mid and Back Office Operations =01) Sally Beck will lead Mid and Back Offic=
e=20
Operations across EWS.  These services will become part of Enron Net Works,=
=20
with Sally reporting to Louise Kitchen and Rick Causey, Executive Vice=20
President and Chief Accounting Officer.  This alignment creates a coordinat=
ed=20
services organization with IT and e-commerce platforms to support the=20
wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these=
=20
services.  Mid and Back Office services for all commercial activities will=
=20
continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible=
=20
for specific commodities and/or geographic locations.
Legal =01) Mark Haedicke will serve in the role of General Counsel for EWS.
Regulatory and Government Affairs =01) This function will remain organized =
on a=20
regional basis.  Rick Shapiro will support all EWS businesses operating in=
=20
the Americas, and Mark Schroeder, who is based in London, will support all=
=20
European and Eastern Hemisphere operations.  Rick and Mark will also contin=
ue=20
to support all other Enron businesses operating in their respective regions=
=20
and will continue to report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President and Chi=
ef=20
of Staff.
Public Relations =01) This function is also organized primarily on a region=
al=20
basis.  Eric Thode will have responsibility for North American activity,=20
Enron Net Works, and Enron Industrial Markets.  Jackie Gentle will continue=
=20
in her role for Enron Europe (including Japan and Australia) and John Amble=
r=20
will have responsibility for activity outside North America and Europe as=
=20
well as providing support for Enron Global Markets and Enron Global Assets.=
 =20
These individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship=
=20
to Mark Palmer, Vice President of Communications.
Business Analysis and Reporting =01) Wes Colwell will expand his role to co=
ver=20
EWS reporting in addition to his current role in North America.

Attached for your review is an organization chart for Enron Wholesale=20
Services which summarizes the changes described here.  As this organization=
=20
continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes.

ENRON GLOBAL EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
AND ENRON WIND

 As part of our company-wide initiative to examine our assets and investmen=
ts=20
around the world, we are considering a variety of options with respect to=
=20
EGEP and EWC.  As a consequence, we are putting these businesses under Clif=
f=20
Baxter=01,s direction.  Jeff Sherrick, CEO of EGEP, and Jim Noles, CEO of E=
nron=20
Wind, will report to Cliff.

CORPORATE STAFF

 We are consolidating the corporate staff functions: Human Resources,=20
Government Affairs, Public Relations/Communications and Administration.  In=
=20
that regard, Cindy Olson, Executive Vice President of Human Resources and=
=20
Community Relations, will report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President an=
d=20
Chief of Staff.

COMMITTEE STRUCTURE

 In light of the increased leadership opportunities created by Enron=01,s=
=20
growth, the Executive Committee will be expanded to include more of our=20
business unit leaders.  The primary role of this committee will continue to=
=20
be the communication of relevant information across Enron=01,s businesses a=
nd=20
the coordination of activities across those businesses.  We will also be=20
drawing on this group to lead company-wide initiatives such as the=20
performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses. =
=20
The Executive Committee membership is shown on the attached list.

 We are also forming a new committee =01) the Enron Corporate Policy Commit=
tee. =20
This group will be responsible for overall corporate policy, personnel=20
management policy and corporate strategy.  The Enron Corporate Policy=20
Committee membership is also shown on the attached list.

 We are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital =
to=20
our highest return opportunities.  Please join us in congratulating and=20
supporting all of these individuals in their new roles.

I am not especially surprised that you and Kristin did not get a copy of this 
report.  My "assumption" in my message was wishful thinking and not 
conviction that the sign-off meeting between you and AA had occurred.  

   
	
	

Sally,

Thank you for the copy.  Contrary to your assumption, this is the first 
Kristin or I have seen the draft.  I'm sure Kristin will discuss it with you 
and her displeasure with AA.  

Thanks,
Leslie

I hope that the two of you received a copy of this. Although Jennifer;s 
message doesn't mention it, I assume also that she reviewed the findings with 
you.  
Jennifer Stevenson@ENRON
12/20/99 09:31 AM
Attached are the results of our East Power review.  Although some of the 
identified areas for improvement are outside the responsibility of East 
Power, we wanted to bring these items to the attention of management for 
their consideration.  

There is no planned Monthly Audit Meeting to discuss this report as we have 
done in the past; therefore, if you have any questions or comments and would 
like to set up a meeting with either of us, please feel free to contact us. 

Thank you

Cindy:  My schedule was so hectic before going out on vacation on December 17 
that I am only now reading your message regarding a business owner sign-off 
for Unify/SAP integration.  I have asked Stephen Schwarz to give me his 
recommendation on the most appropriate person to do so.  I think that is a 
good idea.  As soon as schedules normalized following the holidays, I will be 
back to you with a name.  

Whom would you recommend play this role for Energy Operations?  Let me know 
your thoughts.  --Sally 
Cynthia Morrow@ENRON
12/08/99 10:27 AM
Sally,

Project Apollo has asked me to come up with a functional person from the 
business unit who will be responsible for sign off on the SAP/Unify 
interfaces.   My feeling is that there should be at least one person from the 
Settlements area and one person from Georgeanne Hodges' accounting group 
involved in the signoff.

To date we have been working very closely with Melissa White and Regan Smith 
from the technical side.  Additionally, there have been design workshops 
which have been attended by Lisa  Csikos and Evelyn Aucoin.  

Who would you like to be involved in this process??

If you could please let me know or let me know if you would like to sit down 
and talk about it.

Cindy

Did you get a copy of this?  It looks as if in September that our=20
intercompany balances were relatively low (EES and ENA), with an increase i=
n=20
October with Enron Europe.  Do you have details behind this?  Are EES=20
balances gas only, or gas and power?  How do we have imbalances with=20
ourselves?  What kind of reporting do you get from financial ops on a regul=
ar=20
basis that gives you the details behind this?  I am assuming that these=20
imbalances are created from commodity transactions, so that we would really=
=20
be closer to the details than would financial ops.  Is that a good=20
assumption?  --Sally=20
Please find attached the intercompany imbalance analysis for Enron Corp. an=
d=20
its subsidiaries for the accounting month of October 1999.

Please note that intercompany imbalances are extremely significant this=20
month. This is due primarily to various issues surrounding the London group=
's=20
first close on its new general ledger system.  The majority of these=20
imbalances are expected to be resolved with November close and the remainin=
g=20
imbalances should be cleared by year-end.  Because of the abnormal spike in=
=20
all trends due to these issues, we have elected to keep the graphs in the=
=20
same scale as previous months rather than scale to fit this month=01,s numb=
ers.=20
This continues to allow for legibility of the other months=01, and other=20
business units=01, trends.

Please call me at extension 37659 if you have any questions.

Shelley Pierson

I hope that the two of you received a copy of this. Although Jennifer;s 
message doesn't mention it, I assume also that she reviewed the findings with 
you.  
Jennifer Stevenson@ENRON
12/20/99 09:31 AM
Attached are the results of our East Power review.  Although some of the 
identified areas for improvement are outside the responsibility of East 
Power, we wanted to bring these items to the attention of management for 
their consideration.  

There is no planned Monthly Audit Meeting to discuss this report as we have 
done in the past; therefore, if you have any questions or comments and would 
like to set up a meeting with either of us, please feel free to contact us. 

Thank you

What is the latest on this?  
Shannon Bedrich@ENRON
12/20/99 09:13 AM
Sally,
Cris asked me to follow up with you regarding the AEGIS insurance policy and 
Enron's reporting requirements which  we met about a couple of months ago.  
Below is a series of e-mail that talks about Enron's obligations as defined 
in the insurance policy.  Please let me know if I can be of assistance in 
pulling this information together.

Thanks,
Shannon Bedrich
X39172

Cris Sherman@ECT
12/17/99 05:08 PM

James L Bouillion
12/17/99 12:34 PM
Please see below and advise. Cris had started some dialogue with accounting, 
however, I have seen nothing come forth.   It would not be good to have a 
loss with so many open items.  
Mary Harkins <MHAR@McGriff.com> on 12/16/99 01:00:35 PM
Jim, we are pleased to advise that AEGIS is putting the final touches on the
wording and we hope to have it to you shortly.  In working with them, we
made note of the obligations of both Enron and AEGIS as respects
documentation to support the contract.  In particular, AEGIS is obligated
pursuant to VIII. (c) to provide an accounting of the EAB from the date they
received the premium to the date six months after the policy incepted.
Thereafter, the accounting will be due every six months.  We have requested
this from AEGIS and will provide a statement to you when it is received.

Enron on the other hand is required to provide the following:

Page 4 of 13: IV. Definitions(i) Documents:

     Prior to each anniversary, INSURED
agrees to
     notify COMPANY of any material
change in the
     form of the agreements (ISDA,
Enfolio Master
     Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement, Master
Energy
     Purchase and Sale Agreement and
others which
     govern INSURED TRANSACTIONS).  The
     report shall consist of summary of
changes and
     red lined version of documents.

Page 7 of 13: VI. Conditions to Payment by the COMPANY(e)
     Evaluation of Creditworthiness by
INSURED:

     The INSURED hereby agrees to
promptly notify
     the COMPANY in writing of any
material changes
     in the process and procedures set
forth in the
     document titled XXXXXX (Credit
Procedures).

Page 7 of 13: VI. Conditions to Payment by the COMPANY (g)
     Report of Overdue Items:

     The INSURED shall remit a report to
the COMPANY
     no later than 45 days subsequent to
the end of each
     calendar month, a listing of all
past due amounts in
     excess of 60 days past due as of
that month-end
     date, which may be subject to
coverage hereunder.

Page 7 of 13: VII.  Settlement of Payments Due by the COMPANY
     or the INSURED (a):

     The INSURED shall provide to the
COMPANY within
     thirty (30) days after the end of
each half-year
     period a bordereau.....

Page 7 of 13: VII. Settlement of Payments Due by
     the COMPANY or the INSURED (c):

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
INSURED must
     notify the COMPANY in writing within
thirty (30)
     days after the INSURED first has
knowledge of
     any loss actually or potentially
subject to coverage
     under this policy....

There was some correspondence in October regarding the report of overdue
items (VI.(g)) and the bordereau (VII.(a)), both on page 7 of 13, however I
don't think that these reports have been generated.  We would appreciate
your assistance in obtaining these in order to provide them to AEGIS.
Additionally, we are obligated to provide underwriters with the revised
Credit Procedures and would appreciate an update on that process also.

Thank you for your assistance on these items.  Please let us know if you
have any questions or assist you in compiling these reports.

Please note change in red on Key Contact List for week of December 27, 1999=
.
Attached please find a Key Contact list for Energy Operations for the weeks=
=20
of December 20 and December 27, 1999.  Note the following schedule for risk=
=20
book reporting to accommodate the holidays.=20

Trade Date  Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market  Consolidated Risk Reporting=
=20

Thursday, 12/23 Holiday  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule **

Friday, 12/24 Holiday Closed Closed DPR not published  **

Monday, 12/27 Open * Open Open DPR includes 12/24 & 12/27 P&L

Tuesday, 12/28 Open * Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule

Wednesday, 12/29 Open  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule =20
Thursday, 12/30 Open Open Open DPR published =01) normal month-end
    schedule

Friday, 12/31 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **
   (closed 1PM EST)

Monday, 1/3 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **

Tuesday, 1/4 Open Open Open  DPR includes 12/31, 1/3 & 1/4 =20

Notes:    *  Canadian holiday
  **  Trader P&L and Position reports will be produces for traded products =
=20

Distribution:=20
ENA Office of the Chairman Commercial Pulp & Paper  Energy Operations
Cliff Baxter  Greg Whalley Edward Ondarza  Kristin Albrecht
Kevin Hannon    Sheila Glover
 Natural Gas Financial Products  Todd Hall
ENA - Other Jeff Shankman Gary Hickerson  Peggy Hedstrom
Philippe Bibi John Arnold   Brenda Herod
Wanda Curry  Tom Martin Merchant Portfolio  Mike Moscoso=20
Jordan Mintz Scott Neal Andrea Reed   Scott Pleus
 Bob Shiring   Brent Price
Enron Canada Hunter Shively  Weather  Leslie Reeves
John Lavorato  Linda Clemmons  Stephen Schwarz=20
 Power   Bob Shults
Enron Corp. Jim Fallon Bandwidth  Mary Solmonson
Rick Causey Tim Belden Tom Gros  Bob Superty
Ted Murphy
=20
=09
=09
=09

Attached please find a Key Contact list for Energy Operations for the weeks=
=20
of December 20 and December 27, 1999.  Note the following schedule for risk=
=20
book reporting to accommodate the holidays.=20

Trade Date  Enron Status NYMEX  Equity Market  Consolidated Risk Reporting=
=20

Thursday, 12/23 Holiday  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule **

Friday, 12/24 Holiday Closed Closed DPR not published  **

Monday, 12/27 Open * Open Open DPR includes 12/24 & 12/27 P&L

Tuesday, 12/28 Open * Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule

Wednesday, 12/29 Open  Open Open DPR published =01) normal schedule =20
Thursday, 12/30 Open Open Open DPR published =01) normal month-end
    schedule

Friday, 12/31 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **
   (closed 1PM EST)

Monday, 1/3 Holiday Closed Open DPR not published  **

Tuesday, 1/4 Open Open Open  DPR includes 12/31, 1/3 & 1/4 =20

Notes:    *  Canadian holiday
  **  Trader P&L and Position reports will be produces for traded products =
=20

Distribution:=20
ENA Office of the Chairman Commercial  Pulp & Paper  Energy Operations
Cliff Baxter    Greg Whalley  Edward Ondarza  Kristin Albrecht
Kevin Hannon         Sheila Glover
    Natural Gas  Financial Products  Todd Hall
ENA - Other   Jeff Shankman  Gary Hickerson  Peggy Hedstrom
Philippe Bibi   John Arnold     Brenda Herod
Wanda Curry    Tom Martin  Merchant Portfolio  Mike Moscoso=20
Jordan Mintz   Scott Neal  Andrea Reed   Scott Pleus
    Bob Shiring     Brent Price
Enron Canada   Hunter Shively   Weather   Leslie Reeves
John Lavorato      Linda Clemmons  Stephen Schwarz=20
    Power      Bob Shults
Enron Corp.   Jim Fallon   Bandwidth  Mary Solmonson
Rick Causey   Tim Belden  Tom Gros   Bob Superty
Ted Murphy
=20

     

This is what we sent to A/P. Let me know if we need to resend.  Thx.  G.

Approved.  Pls Process.  Thanks.  Sally Beck

	

Hi Sally
Would you pls review, approve and forward the attached expense report to 
"Expense Report".   I will put the back-up in mail to A/P.

The flame on the msg is because this is the last day to get in 1999 expenses 
to Acctg!  
Thank you!
 Lynn

I will commit to writing the three items that I had hoped to discuss with you 
today.  Feel free to get back with me via voice mail (x35926).  If you would 
prefer to discuss any of these with me, you can reach me at home from 
December 20-23 while I am on vacation.  My home number is 281-370-8568.  I 
will be back at work for the week between Christmas and New Years. 

1)  January 1:  Do you want me to call you that day after we have tested all 
systems to give you a status update?  I can leave a voice mail for you at 
your Enron number.  Or if you prefer, I would be happy to call you if you 
will provide me with a number where you will be.  Cliff Baxter and several 
key commercial personnel have asked that I call them after we have completed 
our testing of all systems that support each commodity and product that we 
trade in North America.  I will make these phone calls myself, and will 
naturally treat all phone numbers that I have been given as confidential.  
Please let me know your preference for notification.  

2)  Definition of a global focus for trading operations:  Attached is a draft 
memo that Rick Causey proposes to send.  This memo describes a coordination 
role that I will play on certain operational policies and procedures that 
should be coordinated in all trading locations.  Please let me and/or Rick 
know if you have any comments or suggestions.  I had hoped to briefly discuss 
this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points:  (1) 
This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the 
needs of ENA.  I have worked very hard to assure a level of accuracy, control 
and service in ENA operations.  Through that hard work, I believe that I have 
your confidence in my ability to deliver results.  I  would do nothing to 
jeopardize that.  (2)  There is a need for this coordination function, and 
some one will play that role.  If I play that role, I can be in the best 
position to influence outcomes with ENA's needs in mind.    

3)   Gas Logistics:  I will talk with Whalley about my thoughts on this, but 
I had wanted to make you aware that Jeff Shankman believes that he wants 
logistics to report to him.  His stated reason to me is that he wants it to 
"look like power".  I had wanted to discuss with you your thoughts on what  
the criteria should be on which we make that decision.  I will propose to 
Greg and Jeff that gas logistics should be located in direct proximity to the 
regional traders in order to facilitate the flow of commercially viable 
information about the pipes and capacity.  ( We have that now for the Central 
and West desks, and should be able to make this happen as the 32nd floor is 
built out for gas.)  I believe, however, that gas logistics should now report 
to Brent Price, my business controller over gas for the East, Central and 
West regions.  Brent would then have operations truly front to back (risk, 
confirmations, scheduling and invoicing) and he sits on 31 and works very 
closely with Jeff.   Also, Brent would be in the best position to ensure that 
the logistics team meets requirements for timeliness and accuracy of 
volumetric information so that we can achieve our target headcount reduction 
in gas operations of 52 by year end 2000.  Without a continuing focus in 
logistics on the downstream information needs, I will be concerned about our 
ability to deliver our projected cost savings.  I also believe that Brent 
will be in the best position to ensure minimal flash to actual variances.  
While Greg and Jeff were certainly both with ECT in 1996 when we had an 
earnings hit as a result of flash to actual variances, I am not sure that 
either one was involved closely enough to appreciate the need for a strong 
front to back focus to prevent these problems, and that includes holding 
logistics accountable for their part in this.  

I will let you know the outcome of my conversations with Greg and Jeff on 
this issue.   

Please print and put this in my folder for PRC.  Thanks. 
	
	

Sally,

I have not worked directly with Sheri Thomas until last week.  I work with 
members of her group and we have successfully managed to take care of 
trader's wishes for more flexibility related to logging in one time and 
having the trades mapped to the appropriate system depending on commodity 
traded.  The process is still taken care of through 'back-screen' programming 
and in my opinion should be easier to apply to all traders with 
cross-commodity portfolios.  The only one on one contact I have had with 
Sheri was to request that Power Risk be involved in the approval process when 
a trader was requesting an EOL login id.  There have been instances when 
traders will get set up on EOL but have not been set up in Enpower.  When 
this happens their transaction will not bridge because there is no place for 
them to go as Enpower has no way of recognizing them as a trader.  Sheri 
talked to one of her group members and had them include myself and my leads 
(for back-up) into the approval process of EOL trader setup.

She was understanding and responsive to my request.  I do not feel that I 
have had the appropriate exposure to her work to give her a formal rating, 
but I wanted to share the minimal experience I have had for your reviewal 
process.

Stacey

We are working very diligently to accommodate the need for space on the 30th 
floor.  Unfortunately, we are not able to do any major construction to 
densify the floor during the next several months while Enron Property 
Services is completing the build-out of levels 29, 31 and 32.   In the mean 
time, we are going to build out the window spaces on 30 to increase the 
capacity on the floor.  While these locations are not prime spots, people 
will need to occupy them as our business continues to grow.  Once the window 
seats have been constructed (estimated to be 2-3 weeks), we will realign 
groups on the floor and people will need to move once again.

I am requesting your cooperation and patience to work with Lisa Cousino while 
she works with space planners to coordinate the location of Energy Operations 
personnel on the newly-constructed Commercial floors.  Susan Harrison is 
working with Lisa to manage the space planning on 30 during this transition 
period.  Chantelle Villanueva will be coordinating all moves of people and 
equipment on the 30th floor.  If there are any problems once a move has 
occurred (i.e., missing or non-working phones, boxes, computer equipment, 
printers, etc.), please contact Chantelle at Ext. 3-6279 as she will also 
coordinate the follow-up on all move-related items.  If Chantelle is not 
available, Maria Sandoval will be her backup.  Maria can be reached at Ext. 
3-5586.

I would also appreciate your help in cleaning up the floor, including the 
window spaces.  We can no longer maintain unnecessary boxes, paper and 
supplies on the floor.  Please coordinate with your assistant to have your 
area cleaned up by December 31.  During this clean-up process, if you have 
any documents that need to be filed and/or archived, please contact Carolyn 
Gilley in the Information and Records Management group at Ext. 3-5237 and she 
will make arrangements to pick up the information from the 30th floor.

Thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation in maintaining a 
neat and professional work environment.  Between now and the summer of 2001 
when we will relocate to the new building, please keep in mind that we are 
all working in a temporary and makeshift environment.  I would greatly 
appreciate your patience and good humor as we struggle to use the available 
space effectively.

If I have missed anyone on the distribution list that has just recently moved 
to the 3oth floor, please forward this message to them.

Approved.  Pls Process.  Thanks.  Sally Beck

	

Hi Sally
Would you pls review, approve and forward the attached expense report to 
"Expense Report".   I will put the back-up in mail to A/P.

The flame on the msg is because this is the last day to get in 1999 expenses 
to Acctg!  
Thank you!
 Lynn

FYI:

Effective today, the schedulers for HPL have relocated from the 42nd floor to 
the 30th floor.  This team reports to my direct report, Brenda Herod, who is 
the Business Controller for the Asset Group and Texas trading region.  They 
are on the west side of the building, just outside my office.  While room for 
this scheduling team was not available on the 31st floor, this move was made 
to improve communications with the Texas desk traders.  By being within the 
same elevator bank, we can now employ "squawk" boxes between the traders and 
this scheduling team.  As we look at space usage on the 32nd floor, this team 
should be included in space requirements.  We are working with Liz Taylor on 
those requirements.  

I will attend the Houston Chapter GBN Winter Reception on Thursday, January 
6, 2000.  

Thanks for the invitation.  Unfortunately, I will be on vacation next week 
and will not be able to attend.  Have fun!  --Sally 

Barbara G Dillard
12/16/99 09:51 AM
******The time of the party has been changed to 6:30 p.m. - should you have 
any questions I can be reached by pager (1-800-917-0654) or e-mail.******

Barbara

You're invited to a Party in honor of all the individuals whose hard work and 
dedication helped in the closing of the Project Aruba deal.  We would be 
honored if you can attend.

Please R. S. V. P. to me by e-mail no later than Friday, December 17, 1999, 
12:00 p.m. if you will be attending (The restaurant will be open exclusively 
for our party).

The following are the details:

 Date:  Monday, December 20, 1999
 Time:  7:30 p.m.   6:30 p.m.
 Place:  Daily Review Cafe (corner of Dunlavy and Lamar)

Hope you can make it!!!!  
 

Yes.  I would handle this through expense reimbursement. =20

  =20
=09
=09
Kim,
Bennett Kaufman finished his MBA this month.  He want to take the CFA exam=
=20
and I support this effort/applicability.=20
What do we need to do to cover costs?  Can he just sign up and we process=
=20
through expense reports?
Thanks. Sheila

Bennett Kaufman
12/15/99 03:40 PM

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFAc) Exam June 3, 2000
=20
The Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Program:
 Globally recognized standard to measure abilities of financial analysts
 Curriculum develops fundamental knowledge of investment principles
 Three levels of examination measure a candidate's professional level
  Register for the exam, using your own credit card, at
 http://www.aimr.org/knowledge/cfaprogram/
   Enron will reimburse employees in the Associate/Analyst programs only on=
ce=20
per level.
   For those outside the A/A Program interested in taking the exam,=20
talk to your HR rep to get details on how costs can be covered
    =20
Not yet registered?  Register before the next price increase February 1 =20
Due to the heavy volume of 2000 CFA registrations, processing may take over=
=20
six weeks.
=20
CFA Study Help through Stalla Study Seminars & Manuals=20
              (Enron=01,s preferred provider):
Manuals will be sent in bulk to Info Central EB 2801:
 Level 1 =01) December 15
 Level 2 =01) December 30
 Level 3 =01) January 15

When manuals are picked up in EB2801, you may:
? Purchase the manuals  ($265)
? Purchase the manuals + sign up for the seminar ($495)

All Interactions with Stalla will be through Info Central.
Questions may be directed to Javier Espinoza at 713/853-4296.

Exam Location:  University of Houston Hilton Conference Center
Dates:  Levels 1 & 2  - March 16-19, 2000
  Level 3 =01) March 18-19, 2000
Cost:  Manual only (2 volumes)  - $265=20
  Seminar + Manual - $495

Please schedule a meeting for me with Jim Cole for the week after Christmas.  
Thanks.  
Jim Cole@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
12/14/99 11:06 AM
The last week in December will be fine.  I'll be here for at least two days.
Jim

I would love to visit with you about a rotation.  I plan on being on vacation 
next week, but I will be working between Christmas and New Years.  What are 
your plans?  With a PRC tomorrow (Tuesday, December 14) and the crunch of 
finishing a number of items before I go on vacation, it may be tough to get 
together this week.  So get back to me with your schedule.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Jim Cole@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
12/13/99 07:15 PM
Sally,
It looks like my Costa Rica deal is dead so I will be looking for a new 
rotation starting in late January.  Rick suggested I talk with you about 
possible rotations in commercial support.  Please let me know if you have 
some time when we could meet.
Thanks.
Jim

Thanks for the contact names.  You are right - no staff meeting on Monday, 
Deceber 20.  Have a merry Christmas!  --Sally 

Please give Gretel a final list of dates that you plan to be out of the 
office from December 20 through the end of the year.  For the dates that you 
will be out, please provide the name and number of the key contact person in 
your group that will be in the office on the days that you are out.  

As I have in past years, I will compile a list of key contacts through the 
holiday period that we can use internally within Energy Operations.  I will 
also provide this list to others outside Energy Operations who may needa  
contact list during this time period.  

Please get this info to Gretel by Wednesday at noon, so that I have time to 
finalize the contact list before I am out on vacation.  

FYI:  I plan to be out of the office the week of December 20.  I will be at 
home during that week and can be reached there if necessary.  I will be back 
in the office on Monday, December 27 and I will be working through the end of 
the year.  

I would love to visit with you about a rotation.  I plan on being on vacation 
next week, but I will be working between Christmas and New Years.  What are 
your plans?  With a PRC tomorrow (Tuesday, December 14) and the crunch of 
finishing a number of items before I go on vacation, it may be tough to get 
together this week.  So get back to me with your schedule.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Jim Cole@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
12/13/99 07:15 PM
Sally,
It looks like my Costa Rica deal is dead so I will be looking for a new 
rotation starting in late January.  Rick suggested I talk with you about 
possible rotations in commercial support.  Please let me know if you have 
some time when we could meet.
Thanks.
Jim

You are right -- we are all in the same boat.  Or plane - or not on a plane.  
I have tried to get the Associates PRC meeting date switched with the Analyst 
PRC meeting (scheduled for December 12th).  This switch actually was arranged 
last week by working with Jana G. in the AA Program.  However, Charlene 
Jackson has apparently taken exception to that and is reportedly talking with 
Dave Delainey about this.  Keep me posted, and I will let you know if I hear 
anything new.  --Sally 

Barry Tycholiz
11/17/2000 05:34 PM
It is my understanding that the names on this list are all attending the 
Associate PRC and attending the Las Vegas Offsite on the 13th... If year end 
PRC is anything like mid-year we can probably assume we will be out of their 
after 6:00 and we may have a tough time catching a flight into vegas that 
night.  I am checking on alternative travel plans and flight schedules for 
myself and will also keep you informed as to the what our options will be.  

If you don't need this info or there are any questions let me know, otherwise 
I will assume we are all in the same boat, and need to get to Vegas in the 
evening of the 13th..... either on commercial aircraft or co. jet.  

regards,  BT 

FYI - I need to talk with Shona tomorrow to get a read on what Rick wants 
here.  Do you have any ideas given your on-going conversations with David 
Port?  --Sally 

Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would 
like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues".  
My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we 
have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that 
vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the 
appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting 
to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being 
covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum.   
--Sally 

I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing 
problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. 
I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational 
issues as well. 

I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the 
RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.

Thanks, Rick

Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would 
like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues".  
My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we 
have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that 
vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the 
appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting 
to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being 
covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum.   
--Sally 

I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing 
problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. 
I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational 
issues as well. 

I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the 
RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.

Thanks, Rick

I have asked Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens to attend.  I 
don't have confirmation yet on whether or not all three will be able to 
attend.  I thought that if asked three, that this should work on one of their 
schedules.  I will let you know later who will attend.  I will be out of the 
office that day.  --sally

Are you or a designate going to this?

GP

This week's Lite Bytz presentation will feature the following APPZ speaker:

Hal Elrod
CommodityLogic
Thursday, April 26, 2001

If you have not already signed up, please RSVP via email to 
litebytz@enron.com by the end of the day Tuesday, April 24, 2001.

*Remember: this is now a Brown Bag Event--so bring your lunch and we will 
provide 

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/revisedhalelrod.ppt

Three weeks ago I started a 15 minute meeting in my office on Monday mornings 
for a key group working on the commercialization effort of mid and back 
office services.  Attendees are my key operations personnel involved, Todd 
Busby (for a preview of what's to come), Rahil and Fred Philipson.  The 
purpose of the meeting is to review progress on items agreed to for the 
previous week and to establish priorities for the current week.  I have been 
capturing all of this on the white board in my office to date.  Today I 
decided to recap in writing for everyone.  Thought that you might be 
interested.  Open the attachment to the e-mail below.  This way you will know 
more of the details of our efforts each week.  --Sally 

The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning.  Highlights from 
last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well.  Let 
me know if anything has been left off the list.  --Sally 

The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning.  Highlights from 
last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well.  Let 
me know if anything has been left off the list.  --Sally 

I will have that to you by the end of the afternoon.  I have set aside my 
afternoon to complete the timeline and resource needs, rewrite the 
presentation to originators, recap our Monday morning meeting on 
commercialization efforts for this week, work on my game plan for EES and get 
with Bob Hall to do an update for Brian Redmond on the HPL sale before his 
Tueday meeting with Louise.  I will share these items with you as I get them 
checked off my list this afternoon.  --Sally 

How are we coming on your operations workload and goals for Q2?

GP

Latest update - FYI 
So far, we have not done any further testing on ConfirmLogic since early last 
week when we encountered the problems with the volume and price displays.  
Kathryn called me late on Friday and said that they would let us know when we 
can resume testing.  We have not heard from them this morning.

Their demo last Thursday for the Beta Clients went well.  The customers that 
participated in the demo were Reliant, Dynegy, Calpine, and Sempra (Sempra 
participated via Video Conference from Enron's New York Office.)  Dynegy 
immediately said that they were very interested and I heard that Reliant 
called back and expressed their interest as well.

I will keep you posted on any further developments.

Kim Theriot 

I will be out of town on Thursday.  I think that it would be great if you 
could attend this info session on CommodityLogic - it would be good to hear 
how this project is being described to a wider audience within Enron.  If you 
can make it, please try to attend.  And I would love to have a voice mail 
message afterwards with your feedback from the info session.  Thanks.  

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
This week's Lite Bytz presentation will feature the following APPZ speaker:

Hal Elrod
CommodityLogic
Thursday, April 26, 2001

If you have not already signed up, please RSVP via email to 
litebytz@enron.com by the end of the day Tuesday, April 24, 2001.

*Remember: this is now a Brown Bag Event--so bring your lunch and we will 
provide 

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/revisedhalelrod.ppt

I have put this meeting on my calendar.  You don't need to forward to anyone 
else.  Chantelle should handle that for Brent's EGM team.  Thanks. 
Assistants -  Please take just a few minutes to forward the following message 
to everyone within your group and encourage everyone to attend.  Thank you.

Please mark your calendar now and make every effort to attend the upcoming 
Enron Global Markets - All Employee Meeting.  The details for the meeting are 
as follows:

Enron Global Markets
All Employee Meeting

Monday, May 7, 2001
3:30 - 4:30 p.m. - Business Meeting
4:30 - 6:00 p.m. - Cocktails and Appetizers

Hyatt Regency Hotel - Houston
Imperial Ballroom

Latest update - FYI 
So far, we have not done any further testing on ConfirmLogic since early last 
week when we encountered the problems with the volume and price displays.  
Kathryn called me late on Friday and said that they would let us know when we 
can resume testing.  We have not heard from them this morning.

Their demo last Thursday for the Beta Clients went well.  The customers that 
participated in the demo were Reliant, Dynegy, Calpine, and Sempra (Sempra 
participated via Video Conference from Enron's New York Office.)  Dynegy 
immediately said that they were very interested and I heard that Reliant 
called back and expressed their interest as well.

I will keep you posted on any further developments.

Kim Theriot 

As a follow up to our discussion earlier this week on commercialization of 
mid and back office services and managing those responsibilities for EWS, I 
will have a timeline for your review on Monday that will pinpoint key dates:  
Unify conversion, EES absorption, HPL sale, commercialization, Todd Busby's 
arrival, etc.  I will also have details of resource needs.  We can use this 
to set internal expectations on the timing of successfully handling all of 
these initiatives.  I will welcome your comments on the timeline.  --Sally 

I will be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday this week.  I can be 
reached at home (281-370-8568) or on my cell phone (713-417-1591) if 
needed.   I will be checking and responding to voice mail messages while I am 
out as well.  

In my absence, please contact the following persons regarding trading 
operations issues:

Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306
    Leslie Reeves x37962

Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982
    Leslie Reeves x37962

DPR    Shona Wilson x39123
    
MPR    David Maxwell x36983

Thought you'd like to know.  --Sally 
Teresa J Wood
04/20/2001 07:58 AM
BABY ALERT!

Mike and Gill Jordan have a new baby daughter called Emma who was born at 
about 11am today.
She weighs 7 pounds 8 oz and they are all well and happy.

Well done to Gill - and Mike of course for your part in the proceedings - and 
congratulations to the Jordan family!

Teresa
PS if I have missed anyone, please pass on the good news!

Congratulations on the birth of Emma.  I hope that everyone is doing well.  
Enjoy your time off and the opportunity to hold and hug that new baby.  I 
will look forward to seeing pictures the next time that we get together.  
--Sally 

Teresa J Wood
04/20/2001 07:58 AM
BABY ALERT!

Mike and Gill Jordan have a new baby daughter called Emma who was born at 
about 11am today.
She weighs 7 pounds 8 oz and they are all well and happy.

Well done to Gill - and Mike of course for your part in the proceedings - and 
congratulations to the Jordan family!

Teresa
PS if I have missed anyone, please pass on the good news!

I have my list at home, but I know that we need Dad's sister Jane and her 
husband, Homer and Karen, Sarah in Austin (whose kids are independently 
dell-wealthy) and I can't remember who else.  I know that there were ten 
invitations needed, including Mom and Dad.  The list below plus those in this 
paragraph total 8 - so we must be missing 2.  

I will try to catch David and have him look at the list that I copied from 
Mom.  

Thanks for these.  I will do invitations this weekend.  Do you have the 
address for Josephine's House?  And do we have a time?  --Sally

Sally,

That tiki person is out according to mom....

Fabian and Mary Ann Block
103 Waterlily Circle
Georgetown, TX  78628

Barney and Joann Boyette
2631 Inwood View
San Antonio, TX  78248

Buddy and Nelwyn Hare
11827 Wink Rd.
Houston 77024

Mary Souter
13811 Cedar Canyon
San Antonio  78231

who am i forgetting?  I think someone in Victoria?

 

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/19/2001 02:34 PM
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  
Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name: Sally W. Beck       

Login ID:  sbeck

Extension:  x35926

Office Location:  EB 3389

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop, plus 
Laptop at home

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  Jornada

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  Not sure

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  Yes
    If yes, who?  Patti Thompson

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  No

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  Yes
    If yes, who?  Patti Thompson

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  ?
    If yes, which shared calendar?  

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  no
    If yes, please list here:  

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: email & 
organizer 

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY): 04/25/01     To (MM/DD/YY): 
04/30/01     

Hadn't talked with you in a while and thought that I would send a quick note 
to say hello.  Saying it is busy here sounds a bit like a broken record, but 
it is busy here!  Big challege currently is juggling our huge day-to-day 
business for Enron Americas, starting the absorption of some pieces of EES 
(my part alone looks like an additional 120 employees, with the intent to 
find ways to assimilate that business and ultimately reduce overall support 
costs for Enron), the sale of Houston Pipeline to AEP that should conclude in 
June or July and the commercialization of mid and back office services.    
All of these of course with top priority!  

I am really enjoying having Beth Apollo on the team.  She has already made  a 
very positive impact, while she is learning the details of the operations 
side.  

How is life treating you?  I know that their is a lot going on in the London 
office, as well.  How has Ted Murphy's assimilation into the London office 
been?  Do you have plans to be in Houston any time soon?  

Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding 
their baby.  

Hope that all is well with you.  --Sally 

I will need a rental car in Oklahoma - looks like National is the one to 
use.  Thanks. --Sally 

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
Car Rental Options for Enron Travelers

Rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to:

National Car Rental (Primary) and  Alamo Rent-A-Car (Secondary).  

The intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage Enron's total 
car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non-pricing 
provisions (i.e. insurance).

National Car Rental, due to its service levels, availability and total value 
proposition, has been awarded Primary status and is recommended as the first 
choice for Enron travelers' needs.

Alamo Rent-A-Car, a sister company to National, has been awarded a contract 
reflecting a Secondary status, due to its service levels, availability and 
low cost solutions.  Alamo is recommended as an alternative to National, 
where available.

When you rent a vehicle in the United States, (including Puerto Rico) or 
Canada, the following insurance provisions are included, regardless of rate 
selected: 
1. L/DW (Loss/Damage Waiver) - This is what is called Comprehensive or 
Collision on your personal auto. It covers the rental vehicle and pays for 
any damage to it. 
2. Liability - This covers people and property outside the rental vehicle. 
For both National and Alamo, the coverage is $100,000 per person, $300,000 
per occurrence and $50,000 for property damage. 
** IMPORTANT ***
These coverages apply regardless of rate selected, as long as the following 
contract ID is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded 
on the transaction rental agreement.  (National -  5000838 Alamo    - #143974)

To enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from Enron's 
preferred suppliers, it is recommended that each traveler enroll in 
National's and Alamo's preferred traveler programs.  National's Emerald Club 
membership and Alamo's Quicksilver program are designed to speed the 
transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid 
return.  The enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for Enron 
travelers.  Enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of Enron 
American Express T&E Cardholders.  You may also find an enrollment form on 
the Enron Travel Program intranet @ gss.enron.com <http://gss.enron.com/>.

If you have any questions or comments, please contact Jeff Leath at 
713-646-6165.

Thought you might be interested in these two changes.  Mary has actually been 
out of the office since late February.  All of her global database 
responsibilities were transferred in late 2000 to James Scribner and his 
team, under Beth Apollo.  Mary's effectiveness on CommodityLogic had been 
lessened over time, and beginning with her absence in February I have relied 
on my business leads (Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens) for 
their evaluation of the NomLogic, ConfirmLogic and InvoiceLogic modules.  
--Sally 

Mary Solmonson has made a personal choice to resign from Enron.  It is with 
regret that I have accepted Mary's letter of recommendation.  Mary has 
contributed greatly during her tenure at Enron, particularly in the 
development of global information that has been critical in supporting our 
effective systems development and information gathering.  I do appreciate 
Mary's personal decision, however, and I know that you will join me in 
wishing Mary well.  

Also effective April 16, we have made a realignment within Enron Net Works of 
the group led by Sheri Thomas.  Sheri will now report directly to Andy 
Zipper, who leads EnronOnline.  The Operations Product Control Team in its 
early stages was focused primarily on making our transition to EnronOnline a 
smooth one for operations.  Much time was spent initially on the bridges 
necessary between EnronOnline and our legacy systems.  The role of the team 
has evolved today to one that is intimately involved in the day-to-day  
operations of EnronOnline.  With this evolution, it makes sense to have 
Sheri's team as an integral part of the larger EnronOnline team.  Sheri's 
team will continue to support other e-commerce initiatives, such as 
Clickpaper, DealBench and CommodityLogic, so that we can leverage the 
experience of her team and avoid duplication of internal infrastructure.  
Sheri, Andy and I met with Sheri's team yesterday to announce this 
organizational realignment.  Sheri has done a great job of leading the 
Product Control Group over the past 14 months.  Sheri is committed to see 
that her team continues to work closely with Operations to ensure that any 
changes in Enron's e-commerce businesses that may impact trading operations 
are shared with us.  We look forward to continuing to work closely with Sheri 
and her team.   

Keep me posted on the impact of losing that day.  Thanks. --Sally 

   
	
	

FYI - after discussions with appropriate groups I will let you know of any 
impacts and/or issues.

Thanks,
Leslie 
All,

Starting with the April accounting month Corp is cutting a day off of our 
close process as part of Project Sunrise.  This means that we will have only 
five days to get all activity booked.  I will be calling a meeting for later 
this week or early next week to discuss any issues that may arise from this 
and future implications of Project Sunrise.  Feel free to call if you have 
any questions.

      Greg x35399

I assume that Kathryn has communicated this to you.  I have only read Kim's 
e-mail - I will talk with her later today.  --Sally 
I wanted to give you a quick update on ConfirmLogic....

Testing was done last week on the ConfirmLogic module.  On Thursday, we 
discussed with Kathryn Cordes and the ConfirmLogic IT team the items that we 
had found that were "show stoppers" as far as releasing the product for Beta 
Testing.  Some of the major Items found were the inability to properly handle 
Basis Swaps for Gas and inability to display meaningful Index References for 
Power (they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the Index).  

The team worked on the "fixes" and migrated the code last night.  Today 
during testing, they found that the new code had actually caused problems 
with the fixed price and volume information, which was working previously.  I 
talked to Kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code.  She said 
that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine.  We 
plan more testing in the morning.

They are doing a high-level demo this Thursday for Beta Customers just to 
introduce the module.  They were planning on having more extensive Beta demos 
for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to 
postponed further.

We have told them that we would not sign off for Beta testing until we were 
comfortable that the items that we identified were working.  We need 
consistent, stable days of testing before I will feel comfortable.

Overall, we like the "new" streamlined version of the screens and feel that 
it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues.

Call with any questions.

Kim Theriot  

??  Will IT resources make a difference in what we need to deliver and how 
quickly we can do it?  Someone must be giving credit the idea that "if only 
we had IT resources..." and that those resources are active on Entelligence 
but are not helping us on other business basics.  --Sally 
Sally,

I share your pain about increased deal flow.  Have you spoken with Lavo about 
getting additional resources or is there a way to better allocate resources?  
Is the Entelligence database used by anybody?  Should we not focus those 
resources on GCP?

I am getting hammered on the exposure questions.

Please help!!!

Bill

   

I certainly agree that updated information from the wider company database 
should flow to update GCP.  I assume that you have talked with both Mary 
Solmonson and James Scribner about this process to understand the details.  
They are the logical experts for that discussion.  Your memo is a little 
vague on that, so if you are getting information from someone else and have 
not taken the time to talk with the best sources, I would suggest spending 
time with James and Mary so that you and they are appropriately informed.  

Absolutely there are procedures in place to handle these updates to GCP.  I 
believe that these are pretty manual, as there are no systematic feeds from 
Entelligence into GCP.  James and Mary (I refer to both because James has 
only recently assumed Mary's duties within Global Databases) can best discuss 
how this process works.  If you are aware of specific concerns around this, I 
know that James and Mary will want to hear that from you.  As is to be 
expected for any business that has experienced a 600% increase in the number 
of transactions year on year, there are challenges that we face daily in all 
of the tasks that we do.  Your input will help James in making sure that 
priorities are set and personnel are deployed to tackle the biggest issues 
that we have.  I recognize the challenge that Credit must be facing in 
aggregating exposures in our market environment today.  With your input, we 
will do our very best to be certain that the data surrounding the 5.000+ 
deals that are done daily is as accurate as possible.   

   

	
	                           
	

Sally,

I have been made aware of a disconnect between the data held in Global 
Counterparty and in Global Companies ( Entelligence). Much effort has been 
put forth in  "cleansing" the parent/subsidiary information presented in 
Entelligence, yet the same information is not being replicated in GCP except 
for on an ad hoc, manual basis. 

What is the standard for data population in GCP vs Entelligence? Should 
changes and corrections in Entelligence not flow to GCP since our risk and 
trading systems are based on the information housed therein? What process and 
or systems enhancements are necessary to accomplish this end result?

It appears we have a major GCP cleanup in the works while much of the work 
has been already been done for Entelligence. As we struggle to report trading 
positions properly,  let's take advantage of our in house knowledge and share 
counterparty data validation results in order to minimize research and data 
population efforts.

 Your comments and ideas are welcome. 

Debbie

I will serve as your representative in the year end 2000 Associates PRC 
Meeting.  ENA Management Committee  I represented some of you during the 
mid-year PRC meeting, and some of you are new to my list of Associates to 
represent.  

I have copied you on an e:mail message that I sent to your supervisor of 
record as of October 1, according to the records of the Analysts and 
Associates Program.  You will note that I have asked your supervisor to 
provide a list of your accomplishments for the second half of the year, as 
well as a description of your job responsibilities.  You may want to take 
charge of creating this information.  In addition to the input that I have 
requested from your supervisor, it would be helpful for me to have a copy of 
your resume (not necessary to repeat, if you gave me one at mid-year).  While 
the PRC process will focus on your accomplishments during the prescribed time 
period at Enron, it enhances my ability to represent you in the process if I 
have some background information on you.  

My assistant will contact you during the next few days to set up a time for 
me to meet with each one of you, if you would like to do so before the PRC 
meeting.  These meetings will be scheduled during the weeks of November 27 
and December 4.  I will also meet or talk with your supervisor during those 
two weeks in preparation for the PRC meeting.  

Feel free to call me if you have any questions about the process.  I will be 
out of the office the remainder of this week and most of next week, but I 
will check and respond to voice mail messages.  My number is x35926.   

I will meet with Kim this afternoon on her comments on ConfirmLogic.  Bottom 
line, no sign off from Kim at this point.  Thought you might want to know.  
--Sally 
I wanted to give you a quick update on ConfirmLogic....

Testing was done last week on the ConfirmLogic module.  On Thursday, we 
discussed with Kathryn Cordes and the ConfirmLogic IT team the items that we 
had found that were "show stoppers" as far as releasing the product for Beta 
Testing.  Some of the major Items found were the inability to properly handle 
Basis Swaps for Gas and inability to display meaningful Index References for 
Power (they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the Index).  

The team worked on the "fixes" and migrated the code last night.  Today 
during testing, they found that the new code had actually caused problems 
with the fixed price and volume information, which was working previously.  I 
talked to Kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code.  She said 
that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine.  We 
plan more testing in the morning.

They are doing a high-level demo this Thursday for Beta Customers just to 
introduce the module.  They were planning on having more extensive Beta demos 
for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to 
postponed further.

We have told them that we would not sign off for Beta testing until we were 
comfortable that the items that we identified were working.  We need 
consistent, stable days of testing before I will feel comfortable.

Overall, we like the "new" streamlined version of the screens and feel that 
it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues.

Call with any questions.

Kim Theriot  

Mary Solmonson has made a personal choice to resign from Enron.  It is with 
regret that I have accepted Mary's letter of recommendation.  Mary has 
contributed greatly during her tenure at Enron, particularly in the 
development of global information that has been critical in supporting our 
effective systems development and information gathering.  I do appreciate 
Mary's personal decision, however, and I know that you will join me in 
wishing Mary well.  

Also effective April 16, we have made a realignment within Enron Net Works of 
the group led by Sheri Thomas.  Sheri will now report directly to Andy 
Zipper, who leads EnronOnline.  The Operations Product Control Team in its 
early stages was focused primarily on making our transition to EnronOnline a 
smooth one for operations.  Much time was spent initially on the bridges 
necessary between EnronOnline and our legacy systems.  The role of the team 
has evolved today to one that is intimately involved in the day-to-day  
operations of EnronOnline.  With this evolution, it makes sense to have 
Sheri's team as an integral part of the larger EnronOnline team.  Sheri's 
team will continue to support other e-commerce initiatives, such as 
Clickpaper, DealBench and CommodityLogic, so that we can leverage the 
experience of her team and avoid duplication of internal infrastructure.  
Sheri, Andy and I met with Sheri's team yesterday to announce this 
organizational realignment.  Sheri has done a great job of leading the 
Product Control Group over the past 14 months.  Sheri is committed to see 
that her team continues to work closely with Operations to ensure that any 
changes in Enron's e-commerce businesses that may impact trading operations 
are shared with us.  We look forward to continuing to work closely with Sheri 
and her team.   

Here is final presentation.  I worked with Fred and Stephen this morning to 
make final changes.  --Sally 
All,

Attached is the back office services presentation for the originators.   
Should be in semi-final form.  If you have any comments, please get with me 
as soon as time permits.

Thanks,

Fred
5-9323

Thanks for following up on this.  We will incorporate you numbers for offices 
and spots in the Tower.  

The people who need offices in the tower of the new building are: 

Scott Earnest
Michelle Bruce 
Todd Hall
Kevin Sweeney
Sheila Glover

The following people can share an office:

Mark Leskowitz
Jeff Sorenson
Clare Carrington
Laurel Adams
Theresa Brogan 

We would also like to have 75 spaces in the tower for the settlements and 
confirmations people.

Please let me know if you have any additional questions.

Thanks,
Laurel

I am taking Good Friday as my discretionary holiday for the year.  I will be 
in Austin with my daughter for her official tour and info session at UT, plus 
a look at dorms.  Patti will have numbers where I can be reached in Austin.  

We are making final changes to the orig presentation today - I will be 
reviewing those tomorrow in Austin.  I am e:mailing you a current draft 
version, although it does not yet reflect all of the changes needed.  I am 
still trying to eliminate some pages to make it more a more manageable size.  
I have taken the work that Rahil and Fred have done on the services and have 
made that into an appendix - nice work, but way too much detail for a 
presentation.  

Memo on floor meetings, plus my reply to Greg and Philippe.  

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  
Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 
employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of 
the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule 
one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this 
segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees 
per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of 
operations employees):  

  29th Floor (trading) 67 employees  EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, 
settlements and EIM risk 

  30th Floor (trading) 35 employees  EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various 
products) 

  31st Floor (trading) 52  employees  Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., 
settlements and DPR           and MPR teams
  
  32nd Floor (trading) 117 employees  Gas risk, logistics (all regions), 
operational analysis

     
  37th Floor   148 employees  Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global 
services       
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron 
Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would 
be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it 
easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for 
a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2711 

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any 
inconvenience.

Please print for me - Black & white okay - I can't seemt to get this printe=
d=20
from my printer.  Thanks. =20
Sally,

This includes most of the suggestions Andy made (all the word/format relate=
d=20
ones, at least).  The only one I have not made relates to our discussion=20
about adding a slide that outlines the history behind the Operations Pricin=
g=20
Desk and the various factors considered in building it.  Please let me know=
=20
if you=01,re busy and want me to glean the information from the slides you =
have=20
archived.

Lets talk about it in more detail tomorrow.  If you need me at anytime,=20
please feel free to contact me on my cell phone at 281.704.1060

Regards,
Rahil
3-3206

This will be an important meeting for me to attend.  Let me know when this 
gets scheduled.  Thanks. 
Wade Stubblefield@EES
04/11/2001 06:01 PM
Wes asked me to pull the above group together to discuss the who, and the 
mechanics of how, people from each of our respective EES groups move over to 
EWS as part of the reorganization underway.  It would probably be a good idea 
to bring copies of your most up-to-date org. charts (Wade, Wanda and Kalen).

I will have my assistant, Jennifer Bryan, contact your assistants to schedule 
a time that fits.  Wes indicated he would like to have this meeting Monday or 
Tuesday of next week.

If you have any questions, please do not hesistate to call.

Thanks

Wade

This is the note that I mentioned that I sent to Philippe today about space 
in the new building.  You can take up the cause with Philippe when he 
returns.  I am meeting with Tammy Shepperd at 1:30 tomorrow on some space 
planning details.  I will tell her that Sheri's group should be located with 
yours, and by that time I should be able to tell her that Sheri's group will 
be reporting to you.  

I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am.  
--Sally 

According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the 
new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up 
in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to 
discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with 
their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number 
of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not 
included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office 
next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Here is another one...
Mspartalis@aol.com on 04/11/2001 10:51:33 AM
Sally, 

This is the second of the two emails I am sending you. ? 

Please review the resume of Robert (Bob) Mickits. ?He is currently a  
consultant with a Big 5 firm, loaded with GAS Energy experience. ?His  
qualifications are: 
* ????CPA; BBA - Accounting 
* ????E&Y 
* ????16 years progressive Accounting/Finance experience and responsibilities 
* ????Developed a business process risk model identifying process  
characteristics, business risks and associated best practices for the energy  
trading and marketing industry. 
* ????Experienced and responsible for front, middle and back office  
accounting, risk management for energy trading and marketing firms. 
* ????Directed all accounting policies & procedures, commodity and 
derivative  
accounting, reviewed and provided analysis on 133 accounting issues. 
* ????Provided clients with infrastructure review and audits for global  
trading operations. 
* ????Excellent communication skills. 

Thanks, 
Mike 
E. Michael Spartalis, CPA, CPC 
ML&R Personnel Solutions 
281-782-3411 (Cell) ?? 
mspartalis@aol.com (temp)
 - Mickits_Robert_0401_rev.doc

I will serve as a representative to the  Associates PRC meeting that will 
take place on December 12.  As a PRC rep, I have been assigned the Associates 
to represent in the meeting as indicated below.  The Associates Program has 
provided me with your name as the supervisor of record as of October 1 of the 
Associate as listed.  

Please send the following information to me by December 1.  

Associate's accomplishments for the second half of 2000 (prepared by the 
associate or summarized by you) 

Description of associate's current responsibilities/assignment (and any 
additional rotational assignments during this last six months of the year) 

Pre-ranking of the associate from your business unit PRC , or your suggestion 
on ranking if no business unit PRC process has been completed (Superior, 
Excellent, Strong, Satisfactory, Needs Improvement or Issues) 

Any other information that you believe will be helpful in accurately 
representing the associate in the PRC process

Recommendation for promotion, if any 

I will receive a copy of the Consolidated Supervisor Feedback from the PEP 
system through the Associates Program.  

I will be at a management conference Thursday and Friday of this week, then 
on vacation until Monday, November 27.  My assistant, Patti Thompson, will be 
contacting you next week to arrange a time to meet or talk by phone during 
the week of November 27 or December 4 to discuss your associate and his/her 
performance in more detail.  I will also contact the Associates and meet with 
them individually in preparation for the PRC meeting.  

Thanks for your attention to this.  If you are not the appropriate PRC 
supervisor for the Associate listed above,  please reply by e:mail as soon as 
possible and my assistant will research where I should go next for this 
input.  

Back on the calendar this afternoon with Andy Zipper to get his comments on 
the presentation - should be able to get you and John a copy following that 
meeting.  

I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think 
that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had 
hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review 
that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman 
and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test 
runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as 
well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  
We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual 
meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food 
poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind 
schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we 
will try to make up for time lost yesterday.  

Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?

   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, 
the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue 
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the 
DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by 
this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are 
checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch 
both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all 
origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a 
date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do 
one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas   Frank Vickers (East)
   Laura Luce (Central)
   Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta

Power  Dave Duran
   Ozzie Pagan
   Ed Baughman
   Bruce Shuckley 

Portland  Chris Calger

Calgary  Ladain

Mexico  Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy 
and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL 
marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the 
opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with 
Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work 
for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you 
would like.  --Sally  
 

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

In re-reading this, I noticed that Todd Hall was included in the distribution 
list.  He is the only one from Brent's team included.  Do you want to copy 
Brent as well, or was Todd's inclusion due to his previous responsibility 
over the MPR, which now is managed by Susie Ayala.  Either way, you may want 
to include Brent on the message just so that he and his team know about the 
creation of this common drive.  

What about Georgeanne Hodges?  Should she be notified as well?  You may also 
want to copy Wes as an FYI.  Thanks. 

We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information 
(dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to 
Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen 
email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's 
internal email system)  

Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would 
have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared 
drive that has been set up for this specific purpose.   

Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are 
questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the 
sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being 
distributed electronically.

Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info 
back and forth.

 
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:

A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called 
Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential 
files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email 
address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the 
IT Central site: http://itcentral.enron.com/Data/Services/SecurityRequests/.  
Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their 
terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.

Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions

Beth Apollo

Good idea.  Is there a way to monitor usage of this folder is insure that 
everyone has  read and complied with your message?   

We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information 
(dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to 
Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen 
email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's 
internal email system)  

Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would 
have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared 
drive that has been set up for this specific purpose.   

Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are 
questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the 
sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being 
distributed electronically.

Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info 
back and forth.

 
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:

A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called 
Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential 
files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email 
address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the 
IT Central site: http://itcentral.enron.com/Data/Services/SecurityRequests/.  
Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their 
terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.

Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions

Beth Apollo

I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think 
that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had 
hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review 
that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman 
and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test 
runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as 
well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  
We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual 
meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food 
poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind 
schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we 
will try to make up for time lost yesterday.  

Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?

   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, 
the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue 
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the 
DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by 
this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are 
checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch 
both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all 
origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a 
date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do 
one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas   Frank Vickers (East)
   Laura Luce (Central)
   Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta

Power  Dave Duran
   Ozzie Pagan
   Ed Baughman
   Bruce Shuckley 

Portland  Chris Calger

Calgary  Ladain

Mexico  Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy 
and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL 
marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the 
opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with 
Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work 
for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you 
would like.  --Sally  
 

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the 
new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up 
in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to 
discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with 
their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number 
of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not 
included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office 
next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Beth Apollo has recently joined the team and Brenda Herod has recently 
married.  February and March were gone before I could get organized enough to 
try to celebrate both of these occasions.  In honor of Beth's arrival and 
Brenda's marriage, I hope that you can join David and me for drinks and 
appetizers at our house on Saturday, May 5, followed by dinner at Champions 
Golf Club.  Please include your spouse or a guest, and know that we will also 
be happy to just have you attend.  Let me know if that date will work for 
you.  

I would recommend floor meetings on 37 (we occupy almost the entire floor) 
and on the operations end of floor 32.  That would cover everyone pretty 
well.  Thanks. --Sally 

Hi Sally -

Taking care of Philippe's emails while he's out.  Are there one or two floors 
that are occupied fully by your groups?  Please tell me the floors (probably 
two) where you would like the meetings and I will call Patti to coordinate 
your availability to attend.  I'll then send an email to your people 
notifying them of such.  

Thanks, 

Peggy

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  
Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 
employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of 
the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule 
one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this 
segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees 
per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of 
operations employees):  

  29th Floor (trading) 67 employees  EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, 
settlements and EIM risk 

  30th Floor (trading) 35 employees  EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various 
products) 

  31st Floor (trading) 52  employees  Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., 
settlements and DPR           and MPR teams
  
  32nd Floor (trading) 117 employees  Gas risk, logistics (all regions), 
operational analysis

     
  37th Floor   148 employees  Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global 
services       
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron 
Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would 
be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it 
easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for 
a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2711 

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any 
inconvenience.

Patti will be distributing Astros tickets to you for the 2001 season.  We 
used a process that gives you tickets for games in proportion to the number 
of employees on your team.  I hope that you will enjoy the games and that you 
will also be able to use some of the tickets to reward employees for a job 
well done.  

We have improved our tickets this year.  Thanks to Patti, who scoped out 
options for new tickets, and to my husband, who studied advantages and 
disadvantages of each option, we  have some good seats for the year.  The new 
tickets (4 together) are Dugout tickets, located between home and third base, 
about 28 rows up from the field.  Not aisle tickets this year, but I sat in 
the seats for the pre-season opener, and they are a big improvement over last 
year!  We will work on the aisle for next  year.  We also still have the two 
Terrace level tickets as we did last year.  For some games you will get all 6 
tickets, and for others you may get either the Dugout Tickets or the Terrace 
tickets.  

Not a bad start to the season so far, so hopefully the new ballpark jinx is 
history!  --Sally 

Here=01,s the latest.  Recent efforts have focused on clarifying the =01&wh=
o, what,=20
how, when, why and where=01,s=018 of the project.  Please direct your feedb=
ack to=20
me.

Thanks,

Fred
5-9323

Patti:  I left Cindy a message last week about attending the NCL convention 
later in April.  She says that Ken and Jeff encourage board membership in 
community activities and that taking time during the business week is part of 
that.  So according to Cindy, the days at convention will not be counted as 
vacation days.  I guess I would view this as if I were in LA on business, so 
no notation on time out of the office.  Thanks. 

Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of 
board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful 
to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year 
that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of 
National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 

We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 
through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local 
nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics 
volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with 
children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It 
is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a 
focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only 
on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will 
remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment.  

Please let Brent know that I will be on vacation on Monday, November 20th.  I 
will actually be in the office for meetings from 12:00 to 5:00 that day, but 
I will be vacation that morning!!  Thanks. --Sally 

   
	
	

Please mark your calendars to attend the EGM/EIM Staff Mtg.

 Monday November 20th
   10:00am - 11:00am
        NOW BEING HELD IN ROOM
     3270

If you have any questions please call me @ 3-6279.

Thanks
Chantelle

Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of 
board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful 
to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year 
that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of 
National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 

We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 
through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local 
nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics 
volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with 
children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It 
is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a 
focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only 
on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will 
remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment.  

I won't bury you with constant examples, but am copying you on this note 
regarding floor meetings.  While operations is now a part of Enron Net Works, 
I believe that the only meaningful piece of that to Philippe and Greg is our 
commercialization effort.  They are not in the habit of considering the 500 
people who provide critical services to EA, EGM and EIM daily.  Floor 
meetings set by Greg and Philippe were apparently aimed at the IT teams, and 
yet my group has added over 500 employees to Net Works in Houston alone with 
our reorganization late last fall.  I will diligently work with Philippe and 
Greg on this on an on-going basis.   While not fully embraced as part of Net 
Works, my operations team now is organizationally separated from the key 
Enron businesses that we support.  I suspect that motivating and managing in 
this environment will become increasingly challenging.  This is an FYI more 
than anything else.  --Sally   

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  
Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 
employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of 
the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule 
one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this 
segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees 
per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of 
operations employees):  

  29th Floor (trading) 67 employees  EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, 
settlements and EIM risk 

  30th Floor (trading) 35 employees  EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various 
products) 

  31st Floor (trading) 52  employees  Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., 
settlements and DPR           and MPR teams
  
  32nd Floor (trading) 117 employees  Gas risk, logistics (all regions), 
operational analysis

     
  37th Floor   148 employees  Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global 
services  

My suggestion would be to add to more floor meetings to your schedule - one 
on the operations end of the 32nd floor and one on the 37th floor.  
     
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron 
Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would 
be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it 
easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for 
a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2711 

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any 
inconvenience.

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  
Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 
employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of 
the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule 
one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this 
segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees 
per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of 
operations employees):  

  29th Floor (trading) 67 employees  EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, 
settlements and EIM risk 

  30th Floor (trading) 35 employees  EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various 
products) 

  31st Floor (trading) 52  employees  Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., 
settlements and DPR           and MPR teams
  
  32nd Floor (trading) 117 employees  Gas risk, logistics (all regions), 
operational analysis

     
  37th Floor   148 employees  Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global 
services       
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron 
Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would 
be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it 
easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for 
a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2711 

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any 
inconvenience.

Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.  I may or may not attend, but 
want to have that on the calendar just in case.  Thanks.  
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for 
a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2711 

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.  Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any 
inconvenience.

This date change means that I won't be able to make it to the open house.  I 
will be out of town on April 27.  

We'll see you the next time.  Thanks. 

Todd Busby@ENRON
04/06/2001 05:27 PM
I guess I shouldn't have responded before I read all of my e-mails.  I have a 
conference call with Sithe on Monday at 8:30.  The chances of if being done 
by 9:30 are about 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.

I'll make the next one.

Todd

   

Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will 
ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to 
meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week 
regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly 
draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this 
to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this 
effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day 
business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us 
informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

I have talked with Jeff Gossett, Leslie Reeves and Stacey White to let them 
know about the Saturday effort and the Sunday meeting.  They all will be in 
town this weekend and will be on call.    Their contact numbers are listed 
below:

     Home Phone   Cell Phone

 Jeff Gossett   281-358-7546*   713-825-6094  *Kingwood exchange - 
              may be long distance
 Leslie Reeves  281-476-4408   713-907-6554

 Stacey White  281-894-0468   281-382-5215

 Sally Beck   281-370-8568   713-417-1591 or 
          713-299-1436

(Kim Theriot reports to Leslie, so she will talk with Kim.  I don't have 
contact numbers for Kim.) 

I am hosting drinks at my home and dinner at Champions Golf Club on Saturday, 
May 5 for my operations team and their spouses.  Greg and I talked about this 
today.  He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar 
and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.  If he and 
his wife are available, I will let you know details as it gets closer.  
Thanks for your help.  --Sally 

Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will 
ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to 
meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week 
regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly 
draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this 
to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this 
effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day 
business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us 
informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to 
meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week 
regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly 
draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this 
to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this 
effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day 
business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us 
informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

Andrew  Parsons is currently leading a project to define and quantify the 
costs for several different alternatives for disaster recovery.  We should 
get an update from him to see if there is anything applicable.   There is 
sheer disaster that impacts many companies/locations (which may require one 
approach), and then there is nusance stuff (frozen freeways in Houston, etc.) 
that really requires an updated contact list and set of notification 
procedures.  And then there is system failure and the requisite back up.  

Thomas D Gros@ENRON
11/14/2000 01:30 PM
This topic came up at last week's technical meeting.  Several of the 
potential liabilities of EOL were discussed.  Given our ASP model, we have to 
offer a system even more robust than EOL.  In a related area, we began to 
discuss security, including some of the latest, inexpensive biometrics 
stuff.  Feel free to partcipate in this discussion. Tommy will be the lead on 
these topics.....

Mary Solmonson@ECT
11/14/2000 01:25 PM
One of the calculated risks ENA has lived with is the potential 
unavailability of systems given a disaster strikes the Houston area such as a 
hurricane that knocks out power, etc.

Have you given any thought on the commodity logic side of providing a 
hot-backup / fail-over capability from another location ?  This could be 
particularly critical with the Contract Exchange module and might be one 
assurance customers would want before signing up.

For that matter, is there a market in providing disaster recovery / 
hot-backup capability to companies in high-risk areas?  It has traditionally 
been thought of as too expensive to warrant implementing such a capability 
for our own purposes.  Perhaps there are economies of scale that can be 
recognized when providing this capability for many.

I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share 
rides to Neiman's.  Can you get that list form Vanessa?  Thanks. 
Enron has purchased a table to the 2001 Houston Chronicle Best Dressed 
Luncheon & Neiman Marcus Fashion Show benefiting the March of Dimes.  The 
luncheon will be held on Wednesday, April 11 at the Westin Galleria.  The 
reception begins at 11:30 a.m., and the actual luncheon starts promptly at 
12:00 noon.  

	Kathy McMahon
	04/05/2001 05:02 PM
		 
Vanessa, would you please resend Sally the memo regarding the luncheon?  It 
looks like I've deleted my copy.

Thank you!

Kathy

Is it lunch or dinner on May 10?  

Rick & Sally,

I have phoned all of the scholarship recipients and left messages for them 
regarding dinner on May 10th.  I should have an answer by Monday.

Thanks,

Karen
	Karen Marshall
	03/28/2001 08:12 PM
		 
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron 
MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, 
interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of 
Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating 
each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the 
winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship 
Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to 
the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and 
Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for 
their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing 
for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

Is this going to be a shower?  If so, I would like to get my own gift for 
them, if that is okay.  Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute 
to the gift basket?  What time on the 20th - I'd like to put that on my 
calendar.  Does Louise know if it is a boy or girl?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Tammie Schoppe
04/05/2001 11:31 AM
If you are interested in contributing toward a baby gift for Louise & Marcus 
please see me.  I will be getting a gift basket from Saks Fifth Avenue.  I 
will have a card at my desk for everybody to sign and I would like to collect 
the money by Wednesday, April 18th.  There will be cake and punch for them on 
Friday, April 20th to present the gift to them.  I will send a reminder 
closer to the date.  Please call me with any questions.

Thanks,

Tammie 
x34220

P.S. Please forward this to anybody I may have missed on the distribution 
list that would like to contribute.

What does "completed" mean?  My first request was to give me access to review 
all e-mail messages that Mary has received since March 1 through yesterday's 
date.  I asked if they could be transferred to my mail box to simplify my 
review process.  Has this been done?  I don't see any new messages that have 
been transferred from Mary's mail box to mine.  --Sally 

fyi...

Completed.

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since 
March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All 
business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business 
unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following 
tasks:

1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming 
e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that 
I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   
Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete 
this review?

2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's 
e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being 
forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."

3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to 
Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 

  Thanks in advance for your help on this matter.  

Please print in color for me.  Do we have a file set up for these?  Thanks.  
--Sally 
Brian Heinrich
04/05/2001 05:55 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and 
Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending April 4th.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677

Imagining that for myself, it would not be a pretty site.  Was it just a lot 
of movement, or was there noise as well?  --Sally 

Thought you would appreciate this...

Was late this morning and had to flag the bus down by waving my arms.  Had
on a short-sleeved shirt.  Use your imagination.

Cindy

In a meeting with Louise Kitchen today, she mentioned that Bob Superty was 
very impressive in a presentation that he made to the Peoples Energy Board of 
Directors on Wednesday.  She was very complimentary.  I have let Bob know 
about Louise's praise.  Thought that you would like to know as well.  
--Sally   
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the 
Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

This is a copy of the presentation that Bob Superty made to the Peoples 
Energy Board this week.  Lousie Kitchen told me that he was very impressive 
in the presentation (not a surprise to me, but it is nice when others 
recognize the talent that is in the operations organization).  We may be able 
to incorporate some of this into our presentation to originators for internal 
purposes, and there may be parts of this that could be used in external 
marketing tools. --Sally 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the 
Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

Please print in color for me.  Thanks. 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the 
Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I will 
meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "mass 
mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon 
or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and 
Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power 
covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in 
person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will likely 
come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation 
could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sense to 
set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the word to 
the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We can start 
those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logistics of any 
offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we 
need one.    

Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to 
deliver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from 
Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on 
that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and will 
be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with her 
that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as the 
other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the next time 
that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April 17, 18 
or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps 
in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk 
team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in 
Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I can discuss the 
appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch 
tomorrow.  

I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage 
and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  --Sally 

Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it 
out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their 
review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week on 
their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and has 
the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.

We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something out 
because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.

GP

Shukaly resigned and left.

But I assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that 
whoever they want can attend. 

I would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the 
groups on Friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an 
offsite together.  How about circulating the presentation and then letting 
them refer all questions to Rahil - see how much interest you get.  One on 
ones are much better and I think this is how Rahil should proceed.  We need 
to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks.

Let's aim to get a least three customers this quarter.

Louise

   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, 
the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue 
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the 
DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by 
this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are 
checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch 
both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all 
origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a 
date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do 
one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas   Frank Vickers (East)
   Laura Luce (Central)
   Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta

Power  Dave Duran
   Ozzie Pagan
   Ed Baughman
   

Portland  Chris Calger

Calgary  Ladain

Mexico  Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy 
and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL 
marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the 
opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with 
Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work 
for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you 
would like.  --Sally  
 

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

Pecan pie would be great - I have tried but do not do that very well, but I 
love it.  I will probably make pumpkin chiffon and lemon/raspberry pie, so 
pecan would be a great addition.  Mom is going to do the rolls.  

We will put the reserved sign on the guest room for you  -  improvements in 
those quarters as well.  I recently cleaned out the guest room closet, bought 
new towels and have ordered new luggage racks.  We will use the old luggage 
racks in the media room.  Cool new blanket for the sofa bed in there, 
however, so Cara and Chris won't suffer too much.  

Cool--although I did tell little C that since I was big C Richard and I were
taking the guest room!  I am such a lovely sister, yes?

Richard really, really loves pecan pie--I may try and make it and bring it
if that is ok with you....or I may just bring one from Luby's....

Really--a pound of coffee would make him very happy for his birthday...

See you soon--

Cindy

Thanks for the suggestions for Richard.  Let me know if you think of other
ideas - I need b'day and Christmas ideas.

Probably the easiest thing to bring for Thanksgiving could be a dessert --
or something else that is a favorite of your family.  I know that it is
really kind of hard to travel with food -- particularly since you will
probably be working on Wednesday morning.  I have made Thanksgiving dinner
for so many years (one of the few times that I really like to cook), that I
will be glad to cover it.  Your company will be the very best thing that
you can bring.  We are looking forward to having you all here.  (The
sleeper sofa for the media room will arrive this Friday!)

Hi...

Still trying to think of things for Richard.  Electric can opener,
Guatemalan Antigua coffee, new shirt for racquetball--he says XXL--hard to
find but most chain sporting good stores have that size--probably white or
something very basic with a collar.  He really does need this--his
racquetball duds are looking pretty bad...

We are looking forward to Thanksgiving--can't believe it is next week!
What
can we bring?

Cindy

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, 
the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue 
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the 
DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by 
this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are 
checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch 
both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all 
origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a 
date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do 
one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas   Frank Vickers (East)
   Laura Luce (Central)
   Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives  Fred LaGrasta

Power  Dave Duran
   Ozzie Pagan
   Ed Baughman
   Bruce Shuckley 

Portland  Chris Calger

Calgary  Ladain

Mexico  Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy 
and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL 
marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the 
opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with 
Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work 
for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you 
would like.  --Sally  
 

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

I didn't read through all of the names, but wanted to make sure that we are 
including Beth Apollo on invites to participate in recruiting.  I think that 
I mentioned her to you.  She is a VP who joined my team in January after 
spending four years in Enron's London office.  She graduated from Trinity and 
worked in public accounting before coming to Enron.  She would be great to 
have on a team.  I would love for her to join us at UT, but if she has 
another preference that is great, too.  If she is not on your list yet, why 
don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the 
schools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.  Thanks.  
--Sally 

   

WE WANT YOU!

The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual 
Recruiting Expo.  
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent 
for Enron.

  When:  Thursday, April 12th

  Where:  50th Floor - Reception Area

  Time:  5:30pm to 7:30pm

Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the 
new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.

Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!

Thanks for the info on the recruiting expo.  Sounds like fun, but I won't be 
able to make it.  I am taking the day off on Friday, April 13th to take 
Meagan for her info session and tour at UT.  We will be driving to Austin 
after she gets out of school on Thursday afternoon, April 12.  

You know that you can count me in already as a team member!  --Sally 

   

WE WANT YOU!

The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual 
Recruiting Expo.  
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent 
for Enron.

  When:  Thursday, April 12th

  Where:  50th Floor - Reception Area

  Time:  5:30pm to 7:30pm

Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the 
new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.

Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!

Thanks for the update.  I am forwarding your message to Beth Apollo.  She is 
the VP on my team that manages our Global Services, and this Executive Report 
Viewer falls in that arena.  She will be closer to this than I.  You may want 
to get her feedback as well.  --Sally 

Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in 
case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has 
been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very 
positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Great idea to run this by Louise.  She ususally has some good ideas on how 
things should look and feel online.  I would love to see it, too.  Thanks.  
--Sally

Sally,
It is on the list as a medium priority and we can discuss more on Monday.

I would not say that the system is totally done.  It is in User testing  -- 
Chris and crew are testing it and I will be getting a demo in the next week 
or two.  It has not been rolled out to the user community.  

I am also going to challenge them to think about whether there are any more 
quick "cosmetic" things that we could do with out much more time or cost.

Do you want to have a look before it rolls out?

Also  I thought maybe giving a preview to Louise would be good since she 
looks at the report pretty regularly, and is a big fan of automation.

Beth

Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results?  
Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in 
case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has 
been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very 
positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since 
March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All 
business voice mail messages require a prompt response from our business 
unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following 
tasks:

1)  Please grant Vanessa Schulte access to Mary Solmonson's voice mail so 
that she change the access code for retrieving messages so that she can 
review any incoming voice mail messages and deliver appropriate business 
responses.  

2)  Please work with Vanessa Schulte on the process of forwarding all 
incoming calls on Mary Solmonson's line (713-853-6079) to Vanessa's line 
(x35565) if she so chooses.  She may prefer the ability to check voice mail 
messages on Mary's line to having Mary's line automatically forwarded to her 
line.  If she chooses not to forward Mary's line to hers, she will create a 
new message on Mary's line that can direct callers to Vanessa.  

Thanks in advance for you help on this.   

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since 
March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All 
business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business 
unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following 
tasks:

1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming 
e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that 
I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   
Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete 
this review?

2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's 
e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being 
forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."

3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to 
Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 

  Thanks in advance for your help on this matter.  

Per my memo below, please enroll Brenda Herod, James Scribner, Thresa Allen=
=20
and Shona Wilson for the May session.  Thanks for the reminder and for your=
=20
help!  --Sally=20
The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session call=
ed=20
Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP lev=
el=20
and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the cla=
ss=20
was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is us=
ed=20
in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two =
to=20
three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the=20
participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees. =
=20

Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior=20
Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our=
=20
organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't=
=20
find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot=
=20
out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want t=
o=20
work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will =
be=20
offered in May, September, November and February (2002). =20

However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first=
=20
session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to ha=
ve=20
several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion=20
would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors an=
d=20
that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as=20
directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these=20
names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know an=
d=20
we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would ha=
ve=20
to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that=
=20
the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know=
=20
your recommendation on a substitution. =20
Thanks.=20
Sally,=20
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity.=20
Thanks,=20
=01;
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
=01;

The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session call=
ed=20
Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP lev=
el=20
and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the cla=
ss=20
was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is us=
ed=20
in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two =
to=20
three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the=20
participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees. =
=20

Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior=20
Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our=
=20
organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't=
=20
find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot=
=20
out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want t=
o=20
work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will =
be=20
offered in May, September, November and February (2002). =20

However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first=
=20
session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to ha=
ve=20
several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion=20
would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors an=
d=20
that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as=20
directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these=20
names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know an=
d=20
we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would ha=
ve=20
to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that=
=20
the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know=
=20
your recommendation on a substitution. =20
Thanks.=20
Sally,=20
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity.=20
Thanks,=20
=01;
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
=01;

Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results?  
Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in 
case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has 
been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very 
positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Please put this on my calendar.  I can't get this to print and it is too 
small for me to read!  
Stacy Weatherly@ENRON
11/14/2000 09:30 AM

Got your note.  It's a little premature to forecast now - we will have a 
better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue 
model.  Can we delay until then?  We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we 
are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our 
revenue line to date.  I am not sure why it is not showing up as income.  
Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date.  I suspect 
that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost 
centers.  By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out 
where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as 
revenue?  Since our costs are fully allocated to business units, this should 
be pure margin.  Hey, you have to start somewhere!  

I have a lunch meeting scheduled with Greg Piper on Friday this week. One of 
the items that I want to discuss with him is how we want to treat expenses 
that we are incurring while researching the feasibility of this business.  I 
don't have an answer for you today on what if any costs will not be allocated 
to the business units.  Next week I can give you more info on that.  

Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the 
rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT 
for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy 
since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so 
there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, 
however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for 
an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to 
be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to 
put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know 
in a few days I would appreciate it. 

Kerry Roper (x5-4895)

FYI - Let's discuss.  --Sally
Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the 
rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT 
for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy 
since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so 
there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, 
however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for 
an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to 
be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to 
put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know 
in a few days I would appreciate it. 

Kerry Roper (x5-4895)

Tight time frame for Mike & co. on metals deliverables.  Raises the question 
around the timing of next week's visit on metal.  Will we divert critical 
resources from these efforts.   --Sally
Mike Jordan
04/04/2001 09:27 AM
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.

In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are 
behind schedule. Additional resources are being allocated and the situation 
is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going 
operations ).

Please contact me if you require any additional information

Mike

Mike Jordan
03/04/2001 16:29
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( 
see attached email ) was to provide  
a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand 
and location
a timely substantiation of 
stock on balance sheet
forward MTM 
debtors and creditor balances
OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany 
account

Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 
application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock 
reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright 
stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering 
sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - 
which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and 
forward positions to full accounting values.

Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the 
following :

I will discuss with AA the following
that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to 
data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model 
simplifications)
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, 
AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these 
differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA 
within the audit timetable)
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my 
earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards 
) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to 
meet the above stated objectives
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' 
certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing 
Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the 
final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400. We will continue to 
investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or 
system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe. However, 
this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and 
signoff of system p&l values with traders.
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( 
reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and 
repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.

Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd - with full 
reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination
an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30 th ( replacing 
planned 23 rd review due to system issues ), requiring
full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23 rd and 30 th
sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to 
Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium utilising the above manually 
created position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our 
cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 
23 rd

I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval

Regards

Mike
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating 
risk for the Merchanting Metals business.

Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility 
("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility 
late in the year end audit.
The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, 
arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the 
operational burden of supporting the OBSF.
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result 
of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ).
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on 
gardening leave.
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting 
business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.

Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain 
comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as 
to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet.

The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and 
effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage 
implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting 
developers.
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as 
to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process 
tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all 
Metals businesses.
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 
covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand 
and locations. The necessary report functionality should be available within 
the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical 
VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads.
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been 
aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of 
Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements 
for the support of OBSF.
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control 
staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit 
timetable which incorporates 
A full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source 
documentation within Enron
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party 
inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will 
not be received on a timely basis
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward 
priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report 
signed off by the traders )
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( 
thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) 
and to AS400 Barclays account
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation, where 
applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or 
external documentation ( invoices/request for payment )
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts

I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during 
April 

If you have any questions please call me on x34703

Regards

Mike

It didn't occur to me until seeing Richard's message that we might have a 
hole in communications with Mary being out on an extended basis.  We should 
probably create a message on Mary's phone that refers callers to someone else 
- ditto on e:mail messages.  Beth, does it make sense for that referral to be 
James, or you, or Vanessa?  Others within our organization that may try to 
reach Mary could have questions about global databases, projects that Joel's 
group had been handling, etc.  I am not trying to put this off on you if you 
don't think it is appropriate - but James and/or Vanessa came to mind as 
possible contacts.  By copy to Hector, I also wonder if we should review 
incoming e:mails that have come to Mary over the last several weeks to see if 
there are some internal requests to which we need to respond.  Let me know 
what you think.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, 
for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I 
thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might 
fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

I am following up with someone that was on Mary's team that now works for 
Beth Apollo.  We will get back with you on this shortly.  --Sally 

Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, 
for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I 
thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might 
fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

Does Vanessa know anything about this?  I know that we had a definite 
interest several years ago in a system from Siebel.  We shelved it at the 
time due to IT resource constraints and Philippe's concern over costs.  In 
the meantime, EES bought a license and uses this system.  I know that Mary 
was resurrecting this with someone on her team.  She had recently reviewed it 
with Brenda Herod, I believe.  This is one of the items that we listed in 
Dallas as a need if we were to get heavily into providing services for 
others.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, 
for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I 
thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might 
fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

Last summer we hosted a lunch for summer interns right at the end of their 
assignments with us.  We had other UT alums attend the lunch.  Feedback from 
the summer interns was favorable.  Their key comment, though, was that it 
would have been great to have had that get together earlier in the summer so 
that the interns could have networked with other Enron UT alums throughout 
the summer.  Can we plan something for the UT interns earlier this summer?  
It would probably work well to include the summer associates as well.  I will 
be glad to help in any way.  Just let me know. 

   

Dear Longhorn Team:

The following UT candidates have accepted their offers for internships:

Vinay Adenwala
Cathy Wang
Vivek Shah
Kruti Patel
Daniel Payne
Wesley Thoman
Michelle Yee
Rachel Ravanzo
Ainsley Gaddis

One offer is still outstanding:  Courtney Gibbs
Three offers were declined:  Pranav Gandi, Jessica Payne, and Ameet Rane

Thank you for all your help in making our spring recruiting such a success! 

lexi
3-4585

I will be in the office the whole week of April 9.  I will ask my assistant 
to call yours to set up a 30 minute meeting for us next week to discuss the 
candidates that we saw during the scholarship interviews.  --Sally 

Sally has arranged Brian Wood with Avistar to demo a desktop video 
conferencing product tomorrow (Wednesday), April 4, 1:00 -2:00 PM.  Brian 
will meet at Sally's office and take whoever is interested to another office 
location in the Enron Building for demonstration.  If you are interested in 
attending, please call me at x39106 so I can give Brian a headcount.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.  I 
don't recognize the names.  The name noted as manager is Loyd Will, who is a 
commercial employee reporting to Kevin Presto.  Thanks. 
ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> on 04/03/2001 11:12:14 AM
You have received this email because you are listed as a security approver. 
Please click 
http://itcapps.corp.enron.com/srrs/auth/emailLink.asp?ID=000000000027109&Page=
Approval to review and act upon this request.

Request ID          : 000000000027109
Request Create Date : 4/3/01 10:59:54 AM
Requested For       : gautam.gupta@enron.com
Resource Name       : EOL US Backoffice  Stack Manager
Resource Type       : Applications

I am glad that the information that I sent was useful to you.  I had 
originally planned to be at Wellesley for the interviews on campus.  I now 
have business commitments in Houston that will keep me from making the trip.  
But I am certainly glad that you are included in the interviews.  Please feel 
free to call me if you have any questions either before or after the 
interview process.  --Sally 

Dear Ms. Beck:

I am writing to thank you for sending additional information on Enron. I
have just received the package and I definitely appreciate learning more
about background of the company.

I am in the process of preparing for upcoming interview. I value your
input and assistance in helping me get a clear sense of direction. I am
excited to have been selected for the first round of interviews and look
forward to seeing you in November.

Sincerely,

Sona Khanova

Please put these dates on my calendar and let Lexi know that at this point 
the calendar is open and that I will be happy to participate in both the 
information session and the interviews.  Thanks.  

Dear Team Members:

We are already finalizing details for next fall's recruiting effort.  Please 
mark your calendars for the following events:

Information Session : September 17 (6-8 pm at the Alumni Center)
Full-Time Interviews: October 16 and 17 

If you would like to volunteer for these events, please drop me a note.  

Of course there are still events to be planned, so I will let you know of 
them as soon as possible.

Have a great day!

lexi
3-4585

I was at the pre-seasoner opener at Enron Field last Friday night and saw you 
throw the first pitch.  It was a nice one - never a chance of it hitting the 
dirt!  -Sally 

Thanks for putting this together.  I will look forward to reading the details 
later today. --Sally 

James New
04/03/2001 09:12 AM
Sally / Beth,

As we discussed when I was in Houston I have put together a draft on 
Valuation Methodology Changes and Model Approval. I had a meeting arranged 
for today to go through my proposal with Ted Murphy and Tani Nath (she heads 
up research and structuring here in London) but Ted cancelled at the last 
minute (again). Tani and I met and are broadly in agreement, but before we 
can go any further we need Ted's input. He is now away for 2 1/2 weeks so 
there is going to be no further progress on this front.

In the mean time I would appreciate your comments on what I have put 
together. I would prefer it if it is not circulated around Houston at this 
stage until I can accurately say that Ted is happy from a global RAC 
perspective. Likewise I still need to get Houston research comfortable but I 
am going to wait until Ted has had a chance to add his feedback so I can at 
least say that it is only Houston research that is outstanding. Others will 
also need to be consulted (and I would like to agree a list of key people 
with you) but I can't see their being any real contention. Can you ?

I am assuming that resourcing is likely to be an issue for you in Houston 
(and it may well be here too) and this has been added to the outstanding 
list. I am envisaging that some of the risk management work could be 
completed as part of the curve validation 

If there are any questions or feedback please let me know.

James

Can you print this for me?  Thanks. 

Sent by: General Announcement@ENRON
Our vision to become The World's Leading Company positions our company for 
great success this year and beyond.  Our success is dependent on execution.  
With that in mind, we are making Enron's 2001 corporate and business unit 
goals available to employees.  

Please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on Enron's intranet at 
http://172.28.92.190/bowne/    We believe they will help you gain a better 
understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify 
innovative ways to help your organization and Enron achieve our objectives.  
We have a lot to accomplish this year, and with your hard work and 
dedication, we can realize another year of stellar performance.

You are kind - and that's one of the things that I love about you!  I suppose 
that we should get serious about the dinner for Mom and Dad, since it is two 
months away.  I will be glad to handle invitations.  I will look for some 
this week and coordinate with Mom on final names and addresses.  Cara had 
sent an e:mail a few weeks ago with some detailed questions to answer.  I 
still have a copy of it, but haven't focused on it to date.  I will call you 
tonight and we can go through it and offer to Cara to follow up with 
Josephine's House if that would help her given her current charge at home.  
--Sally 

I actually think you look young in those pictures--you are way too
critical!!!

Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could
easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of
myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally

Sally...

We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!

Cindy

<<
 Inside every older person

 is a younger person

 wondering what the fuck happened.
  >>

Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could 
easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of myself 
and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally 

Sally...

We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!

Cindy

<<
 Inside every older person

 is a younger person

 wondering what the fuck happened.
  >>

Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion...
John Sherriff
04/03/2001 08:11 AM
Thanks Wes - I will discuss with Mike and Jeff,

John

John,

There has been a fair amount of discussion about this as well as the 
reporting of drift for the North America businesses.  Both Mike McConnell and 
Jeff Shankman are opposed to moving the location of drift in the DPR.  I know 
that North America included US drift in its plan and includes "drift 
earnings" in its margin.  I believe you do the same in Europe.  Jeff is 
adamant that we not  move US drift from EGM's section of the DPR and has 
asked for UK drift to remain, as well.  You may want to call Jeff.  Sally and 
I will do what ever you guys decide.    

Please deal with this.  Wes, you know what I think and what we've decided 
on.  Jeff
FYI

Gary
Michael Kass@ENRON
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
Gary

I prepare the London Summary and I have been requested by John Sherriff here 
in London to have changes made to the reporting format of the Executive 
Viewer report.  John's request and the changes he has asked for are detailed 
below.  In essence, John would like Enron Europe's 'UK Drift' revenue to be 
reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading in the Exec Viewer instead of being 
reported under the 'Global Markets' heading.  If you agree to this change 
could you advise Chris Abel and Johnny Thibodeux to make the appropriate 
changes.  If, however,  you would like to discuss the matter further please 
contact John Sherriff.  

Regards

Michael
John Sherriff@ECT
23/02/2001 16:27
Michael - Please move forward with these changes.

John

James New
23/02/2001 16:14
John,

The attached is the format I believe we discussed and agreed with Ted a few 
days ago. In order that the guys in Houston will make the changes they 
require your authorisation.

If you can authorise by return then Michael Kass and I will forward it on to 
the necessary people below.

If you are not happy with the attached please let me know what needs to be 
changed.

Thanks James
Michael Kass@ENRON
22/02/2001 10:47
Changes are required to the reporting format of Enron Europe's P/L in the 
Executive Viewer .  Below is a list of these changes as well as the person 
responsible for effecting each change:

Gary Hickerson: The UK Drift book is to be reclassified from the 'Enron 
Global Markets' heading to the 'Enron Europe' heading; 

Susie Ayala: The Enron Europe (Net Fair Value) Equity Investments book is to 
reclassified from 'Merchant Summary' to the 'Enron Europe' heading;

Chris Abel: The following changes are to be made to the books reported under 
the 'Enron Europe' heading:
 - J Block is to be reported as a separate line item;
 - Structured Derivatives UK is to include all other structured derivatives 
and power/gas accruals (currently reported under 'Other' line item); 
 - For each of the Electricty books, could you change the word Electricity to 
Power in the headings (for consistency purposes).

Thanks for your note and resume.  I have sent a copy to our Managing Director 
of Global Financial Trading.  He is in our London office this week, with a 
pretty demanding schedule, so it may be early next week before I hear back 
from him with regard to his interest.  I look forward to talking with you 
tomorrow.  Best time to reach me would be around 2:00 pm.  --Sally 

Dear Sally,

Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.

Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work

 <<Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc>>  <<MMoses_trader.doc>>

 - Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc
 - MMoses_trader.doc

Resume attached per my voice mail to you.  This guy is currently at Compaq, 
but wants to do something else.  Any interest?  As I said in my voice mail, I 
will be glad to call my friend Dave Schempf to get more info on this guy if 
you would like.  --Sally 
Dear Sally,

Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.

Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work

 <<Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc>>  <<MMoses_trader.doc>>

 - Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc
 - MMoses_trader.doc

TO:  All EGM and EIM employees affected
FROM: Sally Beck, Managing Director of ENW-Global Risk Management Operations

Last fall, the Enron Wholesale Services organization was created and 
announced in an organizational memo from Jeff Skilling.  All wholesale 
companies (Enron Americas, Enron Europe, Enron Global Markets and Enron 
Industrial Markets) plus Enron Net Works and Enron Global Assets were 
included in the Enron Wholesale Services umbrella.  In that organizational 
memo, the Energy Operations team (now Global Risk Management Operations) was 
moved into Enron Net Works to align our operational services, information 
technology and e:commerce platforms in order to offer the best quality 
services to Enron wholesale customers.  This alignment also positions us to 
evaluate the prospect of packaging these services for other customers as 
well.  With this reorganization, we continue to maintain dedicated operations 
teams that support each of the wholesale businesses.

Since this reorganization occurred so close to year end, I suggested that we 
wait until January 1, 2001 to move employees under Enron Net Works.  Senior 
management, accounting and HR agreed with this date for effecting the move to 
Enron Networks.  Unfortunately, however, the January conversion to Networks 
did not get fully executed.  

To correct this, effective April 01, 2001, all EGM and EIM  employees  and 
non-employees who provide risk management operations services and ultimately 
report in to Brent Price and Brenda Herod, respectively, will be transferred 
to ENW - Global Risk Management Operations under  company 083E.   Starting 
April 1st, you should start using new cost centers for coding and timekeeping 
purposes.  This will formalize the ENW-Global Risk Management Operations' 
structure.

There are some direct effects that surround the conversion to Enron Net 
Works. Because you are transferring between Enron payroll companies, IRS 
requirements state that FICA withholding must start over.  This applies only 
to the OASDI (6.2%) which has a maximum wage base withholding of $80,400.00 
for 2001.  Medicare tax withholding of 1.45% has no cap and therefore does 
not start over but continues as usual.

The excess OASDI withholding that you incur for the year will credit to you 
on your 2001 tax return as withholding.  Therefore, to alleviate the burden 
of starting over, you can adjust your Federal income tax withholding down by 
filing a new Form W-4 and claim additional allowances which will reduce the 
withholding to adjust for the excess OASDI withholding.  Be sure to ask your 
tax advisor what additional steps you can take to balance out these changes.  
You may also contact the Payroll Department @ 713/345-5555 to assist you with 
any questions.  

We will continue to have dedicated HR reps who will work directly with you 
and your team and who will coordinate among themselves to share best 
practices that can positively impact all teams.  If you have questions, 
please call the HR representative who supports your organization, as 
identified below relative to the business unit to which your team is 
dedicated:  

Business Unit HR Contact Phone#
EGM  David Hill 713/853-4218
EIM Kathy Neal 713/345-7803
EA/Global Services Frank De Jesus 713/345-3662
EA/Global Services Hector McLoughlin 713/853-6703

Thanks for your continued hard work and dedication to the success of Enron 
Wholesale Services.  

Thanks for the suggestions for Richard.  Let me know if you think of other 
ideas - I need b'day and Christmas ideas.  

Probably the easiest thing to bring for Thanksgiving could be a dessert -- or 
something else that is a favorite of your family.  I know that it is really 
kind of hard to travel with food -- particularly since you will probably be 
working on Wednesday morning.  I have made Thanksgiving dinner for so many 
years (one of the few times that I really like to cook), that I will be glad 
to cover it.  Your company will be the very best thing that you can bring.  
We are looking forward to having you all here.  (The sleeper sofa for the 
media room will arrive this Friday!)

Hi...

Still trying to think of things for Richard.  Electric can opener,
Guatemalan Antigua coffee, new shirt for racquetball--he says XXL--hard to
find but most chain sporting good stores have that size--probably white or
something very basic with a collar.  He really does need this--his
racquetball duds are looking pretty bad...

We are looking forward to Thanksgiving--can't believe it is next week!  What
can we bring?

Cindy

Gwynn,

Sally wasn't quite sure what you wanted.  She put together a little something 
- if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.

Opportunities for accounting professionals in traditional and in 
non-traditional roles, such as transaction structuring, risk analysis and 
commodity operations.

Patti x39106

Gwynn Gorsuch@ENRON
03/28/2001 01:56 PM
Laura Schwartz and I are working on pulling together the article that goes 
with the photo taken last week for the NABA national newsletter.  We get 
approximately 550 words to tell the Enron story in anticipation of our 
recruiting presence at the NABA national conference in July.  Are there any 
particular messages you would like us to get out there with regard to 
opportunities in EWS and EES for accountants?  Please let me know your 
thoughts before the end of next week (the sooner the better - the final due 
date for photo and story is April 13).

Many thanks

Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line

FYI - People tend to forget that we have some parts of the business that run 
24 hours a day.  We often get notices like the one sent on March 29 below 
without much lead time and without regard to potential business impact.  Bob 
Superty has done a good job in scrambling to provide business solutions for 
us in gas scheduling.  This is a good team that knows how to react quickly.  
--Sally 
Robert Superty
03/30/2001 02:52 PM
Sally, Bob - FYI 

I was able to get 5 telephone numbers set up on a temporary switch so if our 
counterparties call into the Enron building during the outage (Friday 10:00 
PM until Saturday 6 AM) they will get the voicemail of the 5 key schedulers 
that we selected. The voicemail gives the caller contact info. (page & home 
#'s). In addition if they hit zero it will be forwarded to our off-hours 
dispatching service. The dispatching service has current contact information 
for every pipe we do business on.  The schedulers were also instructed to 
call out to their key counterparties and make sure they have page, home and 
cell #'s.

If I had my way all of our schedulers telephone numbers would have been put 
on this temporary switch but five was the best we could do. Considering the 
time period I think we have minimal exposure however you never know when a 
pipeline of market emergency could occur. 

Let me know if you have any questions, tks - Bob

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
Enron AVAYA (formally Lucent Technologies) PBX & VoiceMail Outage for Enron 
Center South Conversion

Systems:    
Enron Downtown Houston AVAYA Telephone & VoiceMail Systems 

Affected Users:   
All Enron Houston Downtown Telephone and VoiceMail Users

System Outage Duration: PHASE I 
3AC/2AC March 30, 2001 7:00PM - March 31, 2001, 12:00AM
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil March 30, 2001, 10:00PM - 
March 31, 2001, 6:00AM

System Outage Duration: PHASE II 
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil April 6, 2001, 10:00PM - April 
7, 2001, 4:00AM

Summary:

PHASE I  March 30, 2001

All Enron telephone systems, including voicemail, will be totally out of 
service beginning Friday evening, March 30th.  The outage for 3 Allen Center 
and 2 Allen Center will begin at 7:00 PM.  The outage for the Enron Building, 
500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil will begin at 10:00 PM on Friday 
evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 6:00 AM, 
Saturday morning, March 31st.  There will be emergency service available for 
all key groups previously identified, including security.  Also, there will 
red security phones provided on each floor near the stairwells, for emergency 
use.  If you have an emergency during the outage, please contact security at 
713-853-2580.  

PHASE II  April 6, 2001

Enron Building, 500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil Enron telephone 
systems, including ALL voicemail users, will be totally out of service 
beginning Friday evening, April 6th.  The outage will begin at 10:00 PM on 
Friday evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 4:00 
AM, Saturday morning, April 7th.  

Please approve.  
trainingorders@vertical.net on 03/30/2001 11:13:11 AM
 Course Registration/Product Purchase on 03/30/2001
This order requires your approval from you before it can be processed. To 
approve this order please CLICK HERE. 

Your Registration Identification Number is: 13982 

For your convenience, click here to view and print your receipt: 
http://www.corptraining.com/index.cfm?company=enron&fuseaction=modifyregistrat
ion&displayleft=no&displayright=no&RegistrationID=13982 

ORDER DESCRIPTION 
Vendor Name: Enron 
Course name:  Powerpoint  Introduction
Class Date: Apr 05 2001 - Apr 05 2001
Location:  Houston TX
Student Enrolled: PATTI THOMPSON
Cancellation Policy:   Cancellation of class must be received at least 3 
business days prior to class time in order to prevent charges to your Cost 
Center. All "No Shows" will be charged the full cost of the course. 
Substitutes may be sent provided they have satisfied all course 
prerequisites.  

This order needs to be authorized before it is processed. 

I talked with Anne Koehler in Legal today to determine her understanding of 
what is required from Energy Operations prior to the effective sale of HPL.  
Anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term "protocol" 
into these discussions.  To clarify, according to Anne, the "protocol" is not 
anticipated to be a formal legal document.  Instead, Anne envisions simply 
e:mails or memos between Enron and AEP with regard to any sharing of 
information, agreements on processes to be followed in the transition, etc.  
Operational details to be decided between Enron and AEP have been handled 
exactly in that manner to date, with e:mails being sent from Bob Ball (Enron) 
to Steve Jackson (AEP).  

Only critical changes to the Purchase and Sale Agreement will be formally 
documented.  Bob Hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the 
original Purchase and Sale Agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for 
gas to be delivered in the month of May.  He has worked with Enron's treasury 
group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with Sandi Braband 
in Legal to document this change to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as an 
Amendment to that agreement.   As of today, Legal has completed revisions to 
that amendment and Anne Koehler is sending it to Mary Perkins in Enron's 
Treasury group for her review.  Upon Mary's review, Anne will forward the 
amendment to AEP for their review before final signatures.  

We devised this week a new format for incorporating the AEP-HPL transition 
issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of 
you.  This new format incorporates the various memos and e:mails which have 
to date captured the status of transition issues.  Items that only require 
actions by Enron will be our "to do" list.  Each item has a due date and we 
will update you weekly on progress.  Those items that fall under the AEP list 
or which appear in both the Enron and AEP list will be the items to which we 
will evidence communication to AEP and/or their agreement via the e:mails or 
memos as suggested by Ann Koehler.  I believe that this should satisfy your 
requests earlier this week for written "protocol".   We will also update you 
weekly on the status of those e:mails and/or memos between ourselves and 
AEP.  

I understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update 
on the HPL sale.  To provide clarity for these update meetings, may I suggest 
that we incorporate one of the following two approaches: 

 1)  Brian and I hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so 
that Brian has a full   understanding of operational transition items and 
their status, or 

 2) I attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a 
firsthand update to the two of you.  

Please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can 
incorporate that into our schedules for next week.  

Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE.  I can 
view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 
attendees.  There were 30 or so, plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska.  I am 
missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?  If I am not 
missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees 
(all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa).  A $4,000 meal for 10 attendees 
looks funny.  There were many more in attendance.  The cost of the meal makes 
more sense with a complete list of attendees.  Thanks.  
eserver@enron.com on 03/30/2001 12:39:02 PM
The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Robert Hall
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Robert M Hall
Report Total: $5,648.12
Amount Due Employee: $5,648.12

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur 
Expense.
http://xms.enron.com

We will get you back on the official distribution list.  For now, I am 
forwarding our weekly report to you.  --Sally 
Brian Heinrich
03/29/2001 07:07 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and 
Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending March 28.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677

I would like to have my directors and senior directors take this course. =
=20
There is just one course date noted in the attachment in May.  Will there b=
e=20
other dates during the year?  I can't have everyone go at the same time.  I=
=20
would like to get the list of dates in 2001 and then send a memo to directo=
rs=20
and senior directors requiring them to attend one of the sessions.  Can you=
=20
also get me a list of the director and senior directors that I have in EIM,=
=20
EGM and EA?  Will this course also be offered in London for directors? =20
--Sally=20

Sally,=20
We can offer the Director Level =01&Impact and Influence=018  course to all=
 of your=20
Directors as part of a pilot program.    I wanted to know if you want me to=
=20
forward this offer to them.   Please let me know.=20
Hgm

=20

Good response, Bob.  Thanks for leading the way on the format for that 
meeting.  --Sally 

Robert Superty
03/30/2001 10:59 AM
Greg, the communication and interaction between the Logistics and NomLogic 
teams during the product development phase has gone extremely well. Both 
Carrie and I are committed to making sure this continues through the internal 
testing and beta release with the customers. I have a strong group of 
experienced Logistics schedulers working closely with the NomLogic team and 
expect that their involvement will help us identify as many issues as 
possible before the customers get to see the product. 

Please feel free to call if you have any additional questions or concerns, 
thanks - Bob Superty (x30957)

 

Thanks for the input in yesterday's meeting.

As a follow-up, I wanted to confirm that Carrie and Bob (as module manager 
and mid/back office representative) will be working closely together over the 
next month or so to have NomLogic technology, business rules, legal structure 
and a system test complete before the outside customers arrive for the beta 
tests.

Thanks.

GP

FYI - See attachment for latest attempt at satisfying the "ill-defined".  If 
this is not on target, we will keep working until it is!  - Sally 
	
	

All eight students that we interviewed for the Enron Scholarship were great 
and we should actively be sure that we get them on our interview schedules 
next year when they are in the second year of the MBA program.  I don't want 
to simply leave that to chance by encouraging them to consider us.  Karen's 
letter (noted below) is a good idea, but we should augment that by getting 
these students names on our radar screen for next year.  I will find out who 
the recruiter is for UT MBA's and I will get copies of the students' resumes 
and my notes on where they could be a good fit to that recruiter.  --Sally 
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron 
MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, 
interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of 
Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating 
each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the 
winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship 
Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to 
the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and 
Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for 
their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing 
for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

I have tried but cannot get the attachment to open to look at the report 
produced by London.  Do you have a hard copy that I can see?  I can get it 
from you during the Risk Forum luncheon today.  Thanks. 

	
	                           
	

Sally - Plse see the attached summary that Risk Ops prepares for 
Frevert/Sherriff/Brown on Enron Europe every week.  Do your business unit 
controllers prepare something like this for the Americas, EGM, & EIM that we 
could use in our weekly briefing to Rick Buy?  What's happening is we try to 
prepare our own analysis of the trading P/L, and it really doesn't make much 
sense to do that since Ops is probably already doing it.  I'd love to get 
looped in to similar analyses for the other business units.  Also, do you 
know who I'd contact in  EES?  I'll call Barry Pearce for EBS.

Thank you,
Cassandra.
Homan Amiry@ECT
11/14/2000 05:52 AM
Attached is a copy of the latest European Trading Summary. 
As this report contains the same information as the Rick Buy report, I 
suggested to Ted that we stop duplicating work and simply use this report.

The report is usually produced on Monday mornings UK time, so should be ready 
when the Rick gets in the office.
People to contact wrt co-ordination are, Michael Kass or his superior James 
New.

Please let me know if this report will be used in this week's Rick Buy report.

Homan Amiry

   

	
	                           
	

Ted mentioned to me that you guys receive or participate or just know of some 
type of weekly Enron Europe update on Fridays for Sherriff??? or some top guy 
over there, and that Risk Operations (New/Jordan etc.) prepare a report for 
that update.  Meanwhile, back in Houston we (MRM) independently prepare a 
weekly update for Rick Buy on Thursdays.  I'd like to get a copy of the 
report done last week, and talk to whoever in MRM participates, if anyone 
does, or if it's just Ops then whoever that is.  I think Ted was thinking we 
could leverage off this report and maybe move Rick Buy's weekly update back a 
day to coincide.

Do you know what I'm talking about?  Or should I talk to Lloyd or Oliver? I'd 
like to discuss after the morning meeting tomorrow if you have a minute - 
maybe you can also fax or e-mail the report?  

Thanks,
Cassandra.
work 713 853 0429
fax 713 646 2194

Are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester?  The 
dinner with Dean May and others from the University is great in the fall.  
But last year, we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and 
a few from Enron.  This can be simple and we don't have to coordinate around 
the schedule of any UT faculty or staff.  But it does allow Enron to have a 
more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their 
being chosen.  --Sally 

I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron 
MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, 
interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of 
Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating 
each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the 
winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship 
Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to 
the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and 
Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for 
their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing 
for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

Bob,

Sally is out all day w/ UT recruiting function.  She will not be back into 
the office until 8:00 Thursday for CommodityLogic meeting.  I am forwarding 
this to Bob Hall - please check with him regarding how he would like this 
handled.

Thanks,
PT

Robert Superty
03/27/2001 05:14 PM
Sally, I have attached a brief document with the material you requested for 
Thursday's Commodity Logic meeting. 

Let me know if you would like to hand this out or just have me discuss 
without handouts. 

Tks - Bob Superty

In a recent CommodityLogic staff meeting, I took stock of the number of 
people and projects that I have provided from Energy Operations to that 
team.  From conversations that you and I have had, I get the impression that 
perhaps others have led you to believe that my commitment to CommodityLogic 
has been limited.  The truth is that I hand picked key members of the team 
and transferred projects that we were already undertaking in Energy 
Operations to round out the suite of products to be offered through 
CommodityLogic.  I just thought that it might be helpful for you to have the 
facts so that you are fully informed whenever you are involved in 
conversations around CommodityLogic. 

Staffing Contributions
 CommodityLogic Project Manager (NomLogic):  Carrie Slagle, Manager
 CommodityLogic Project Maanger (Integration):  Susan Harrison, Manager
 CommodityLogic Project Manager (ContactLogic)  Mary Solmonson, Senior 
Director
 CommodityLogic Team Member (NomLogic):  Molly Sumrow, Specialist

 User Requirement and Testing Staff:  Energy Operations Gas Schedulers, Power 
Confirmation Team and   Financial Settlements 

Projects Transferred to CommodityLogic

 NomLogic (previously known as Contract Exchange in Energy Operations)
 ContactLogic (global databases in Energy Operations) 

Two of the Project Managers on the team, Carrie Slagle and Susan Harrison, 
were transferred from Energy Operations to CommodityLogic.  Both had worked 
in managerial roles in our natural gas business, reporting to Brent Price.  
Both had been significantly challenged in the first half of 2000 by roles 
where they were charged with managing large teams of people.  But knowing 
both Carrie and Susan well, I viewed them as valuable members of the 
operations team who know a lot about the business.  Both have proven in the 
past to be good project leaders. Therefore, identifying them as project 
managers for CommodityLogic made a lot of sense -- providing gas operations 
experience to the CommodityLogic effort and utilizing their skills most 
appropriately .  Brent Price and I worked together to sell Susan and Carrie 
on the assignment and to transition them to their CommodityLogic roles very 
quickly.  

One of the key team members working under Carrie Slagle on NomLogic was a 
scheduler on our gas team (Molly).  Bob Hall, our opeartions controller over 
natural gas, suggested that a scheduler on the team would be valuable, since 
Carrie and Susan have actually never scheduled gas themselves.  NomLogic was 
already a project that was underway in Energy Operations.  We started the 
project shortly after the tremendous ramp up in natural gas volumes due to 
EOL transactions.  We called the project Contract Exchange, and Bob Superty, 
who is the daily manager over gas logistics, was the project sponsor.  Tom 
looped in our Contract Exchange project into CommodityLogic and subsequently 
renamed it NomLogic.  Molly had been a member of the Contract Exchange 
project team, and we transfered her along with the project to 
CommodityLogic.  

Many of my key employees in gas scheduling, confirmations and settlements 
work very closely with the various CommodityLogic project managers.  It is 
input from my group that has created the modules by defining user 
requirements and they have served as the testing teams as well.   

In the fall, I assigned Mary Solmonson to focus full time on CommodityLogic.  
I recognized that we needed more senior level involvement and I viewed Mary's 
participation as a good way to leverage my time.  Previously, she was a 
senior director managing our Global Databases group.  With an IT development 
background and a very thorough knowledge of our operations business, Mary was 
the perfect candidate out of my direct report team to focus on 
CommodityLogic.  Unfortunately, her recent health problems will curtail her 
involvement going forward.  During the five months that she was assigned to 
CommodityLogic, Mary developed a plan for ContactLogic that Tom feels is 
excellent and notes that it is an important complement to the other modules.  

Early in the project, I had also selected two very key and knowledgeable 
operations professionals to be part of the  CommodityLogic team - Leslie 
Reeves, who played a significant role in building Enron's power business from 
day one, and Todd Hall, with experience in natural gas and emerging 
products.  They were part of the  CommodityLogic team in the early days, and 
both made personal decisions to exit the team and return to managing mid and 
back office operations.   Susan Harrison and Carrie Slagle were their 
replacements on CommodityLogic.    

Thanks for your list.  I will add these to our Hot List.  Let me know about 
the A/R.  Thanks.  

Would love to hear about your trip in more detail.  --Sally 

	Peggy Hedstrom
	03/26/2001 01:54 PM
	
The following are the main items being worked on in Calgary:

 Operational risk assessment
 Risk book conversion
 Retail operations
 Toronto support
 IT Development - staffing, identification & prioritization of office 
requirements
 Unify testing

I will check with Laura Scott on the A/R question and let you know.

Peg

FYI - sounds as if Michelle is accepting.  Do you have anything firm from 
her?  --Sally 

Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am 
so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know 
that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your 
start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you 
arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions 
that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  
--Sally 

????????????????	Ms. Beck: 
	
	Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron 
Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my 
decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting 
you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity 
to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again. 
	
	Yours truly, 
	
	Michelle Yee 
	(512) 495-3264 
	myee@mail.utexas.edu 
	

Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

FYI

I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin 
interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be 
the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top 
MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR 
for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our 
recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners 
and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron 
Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview 
team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages 
during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon.  

 I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be 
the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia 
School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is 
a short one.  

Frank & Hector,

Here is the list of contractors that Kymberly sent Sally - please compare to 
list from Peggy McCurley that Sally gave you last week.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

I am so glad that you will be able to interview.  I will look forward to 
seeing you in Austin on Wednesday.  --Sally 

Loftus Fitzwater@ENRON
03/23/2001 08:37 AM
Sally & Karen:

I will be able to make it on Wednesday and look forward to the trip.  It will 
be great to be involved on the other side of the table.  I have made flight 
arrangements and will see you on Wednesday.  

Karen - my location is 3137a if you have any material to deliver. 

Fitz

Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am 
so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know 
that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your 
start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you 
arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions 
that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  
--Sally 

????????????????	Ms. Beck: 
	
	Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron 
Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my 
decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting 
you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity 
to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again. 
	
	Yours truly, 
	
	Michelle Yee 
	(512) 495-3264 
	myee@mail.utexas.edu 
	

Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

Bob & Leslie,

Sally asked me to set up several meetings for next week.   1st one - 
subject:  exactly what CommodityLogic is going to mean to us and how it will 
work for us.  She wants the two of you plus:  Leslie - can you designate your 
best person for ConfirmLogic & InvoiceLogic and Bob your best person for 
NomLogic.  Probably 1 &1/2 hours Monday.  Please let me know your 
availability.

2nd one:  Will probably be Thursday morning - can you check availability for 
this one also (2 hours).  Participants would be all of the above + Greg 
Piper, Tom Gros, Carrie Slagle, Project Managers for InvoiceLogic, 
ConfirmLogic, & BankLogic + Mark Taylor in Legal.  Purpose:  Discussion 
between Project Managers and end users on CommodityLogic.

I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.  I will talk to 
Greg's assistant re: his availability on Thursday and get back with you on 
2nd meeting.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Please print for me.  Thanks.  
Dear Sally,

Please find attached a copy of the brochure for our E-Business conference in
New York. Do let me know what you would like me to make you aware of and I
will gladly keep track of our conferencing schedules and let you know about
the appropriate ones.

Regards
Wendy

 - E-busine.pdf

I will be in New York on business on March 30th.  Sorry that I will not be 
able to attend.  The other person that I would send in my place is Beth 
Apollo.  However, she will be on vacation next week.  Can you give me any 
info that may be made available?  Thanks.  

Gwynn Gorsuch@ENRON
03/22/2001 03:31 PM
You are invited to an Open House on 
Friday, March 30, 2001

When:  9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. 

Where:   Conference Room EB 42c1

Why: Learn about: 

? diversity recruiting sources, including upcoming conferences 
? diversity training 
? harrassment training (free!)
? EEO training for managers (free!)
? training/development conferences 
? affirmative action:  what is it, what is it not, what it means for you
? diversity publications

Tell us: 

? What will help your organization
? What will help you do diversity better
? How we can help you do your jobs better

Who: Your friends in Corp. Diversity and the Office of Labor and Employment 
Relations

Bonus: Snacks and Munchies galore

See you there,

Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line
713.646.2144 fax

Hi Dierdre,

I got your name from Christie Patrick as a contact for the Columbia Women in 
Business Conference.  Sally Beck will be attending in place of Christie 
Patrick.  Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can 
include on Sally's itinerary.  I read in your note to Christie that you would 
be sending invitation w/ directions and address - can you send me a copy 
also?  If not by e-mail, is it something that can be faxed? My fax number is 
713-345-8100.

Thanks for your assistance.  Sally is excited about participating in your 
conference and looks forward to meeting you.

Patti Thompson
Sally Beck's Assistant
713-853-9106
patti.thompson@enron.com

FYI - 
Per discussion with RAC management, during the budget approval process RAC's 
initial budget for Doorstep was eliminated.  Consequently, we cannot accept 
any charges from EAS for travel expenses.  

Ted Murphy indicated that Rick Causey stated at the inception of Doorstep 
that Doorstep costs should be charged to the business unit subject to the 
Doorstep visit.  

If you have any other questions, give me a call.

Regards,
Cassandra.

Did you get the changes that we discussed yesterday included before the 
response to the RFP went to CMS? 

Also, please send me a copy of the complete response to the RFP, assuming you 
have that.  You mentioned yesterday that the document we were reviewing was 
only part of the package.  I would like to see the whole thing.  

Thanks.  

I didn't search this long list of addressees to see if you were included.  In 
case this is going only to Peggy, I thought that I would forward this since 
she is still on vacation.  --Sally 
Attached is a revised Credit Watch listing for the week of 3/19/01.    
If there are any personnel in your group that were not included in this 
distribution, please insure that they receive a copy of this report.
To add additional people to this distribution, or if this report has been 
sent to you in error, please contact Veronica Espinoza at x6-6002.
For other questions, please contact Bill Bradford at x3-3831, Russell Diamond 
at x5-7095, or Brant Reves at x3-9897.

Have you heard any more about this?  I didn't see it on my calendar.  This 
does conflict with Philippe's Thursday staff meeting I believe.  Maybe 
Philippe will cancel that.  Let me know.  Thanks. --Sally 
In recognition of the one-year anniversary of Enron Net Works (ENW), Beth 
Perlman is hosting a panel discussion at the April 12th session of her Lite 
Bytz weekly lunchtime series.  The panel, which will be comprised of ENW 
leaders, will be open forum and interactive.  We will invite the audience to 
submit questions in advance and also have the opportunity to present 
questions directly to you, at the session.  Beth indicated that this special 
presentation would not be complete without you.  This should be a fun and 
presenter-friendly session with virtually no preparation on your part 
required.  I will contact your assistant to confirm your availability for 
this special anniversary session of Lite Bytz, scheduled for April 12, 2001, 
11:30-1:00.

Murray,

Sally Beck and Leslie Reeves are both on vacation this week.  Sally will need 
to discuss this with Leslie next week when they return to the office and get 
back with you then.

Patti Thompson (x39106),
Sally's Assistant

Murray P O'Neil
03/14/2001 07:15 PM
All,

It has been a very successful year for the Enron / Razorfish VMS project 
Team.  We have been developing a Direct Access Power Market, user managed, 
tariff based calculation engine and customer expense / revenue allocation 
application.

The efforts which have taken place to date will benefit each of us as we move 
forward into these deregulated Direct Access markets.  The current 
application has gone through the following evolution:

Project Definition & Design documentation
Database Design / Development
User Interface Design / Development
Communication layer (COM) Design / Development
Hardware requisition / Implementation (Development / Test / Production)
Arthur Anderson Audit (Passed Audit review - Application meets all minimum 
requirements)
The Major Functionality / Action Items which have been delivered to date:
Security Management (Only IT Resources to have access)
Event / Task Management & Reporting
Component / Equations Management & Reporting
Estimation Generation Management & Reporting
Counter Party Profile Management & Reporting
Settlement Entity Profile Management & Reporting
Deal-Upload Management & Reporting
Integrated Dispute Management & Reporting
Customer Generation Charge Profile & Reporting
Historical Data Conversion mechanism
95 % of Calculation Engine Original Functional Requirements

The Major Functionality which is under it's final steps of Development and 
User Test
Reconciliation (Exception Identification, Allocation & Reporting)
Settlement Entity - Settlement Statement / Invoice Parsing & Reporting
Remaining 5% of Calculation Engine Functionality

Over the past 12+ months a total of $3 MM dollars has been spend on VMS.  We 
are reaching the final phase of this project and I am not sensing that 
everyone is still on board with this being OUR (Enron) Volume Management 
strategic solutions for Direct Access Power Markets.

As of March 1, 2001 we no longer have a contract in place with Razorfish.  
Razorfish has provided six developers dedicated to assist the Enron Networks 
IT staff in delivering the VMS solution over the past year.  These resources 
have been key in helping us get to where we are today.  In addition we had 
originally planned to retain these resources over the remainder of 2001 
(03/2001 - 12/2001) to assist with the implementation of VMS on the West & 
East Desk and in the Toronto Canada office.  Without a contract in place and 
currently working on good faith.  The project has come to a serious point of 
action.  Razorfish is asking for a total of $728,000 for services rendered 
between 3/1/2001 and 6/30/2001.  They will keep the resources dedicated to 
the project and will deliver the following:
Finalise base product development, assist in unit / user testing and 
Implement base VMS Product in Production.
Application Production Support for 30 Days post Implementation
Transition of knowledge base from Razorfish resources to Enron Networks IT 
resources

Razorfish is willing to discuss terms to assist Enron throughout the 
remainder of the year.  However,  I don't feel that everyone is ready to make 
that decision.  We do however need to make a final decision on this first 
implementation.

As I have stated prior in this document,  "We have accomplished a lot over 
the past year."  Without the continued assistance from the Razorfish portion 
of the VMS team.  I don't see any of us meeting our 2001 Volume Management 
(VM) Direct Access Power Market objectives in a more efficient or economical 
fashion.  In some cases I don't see it being possible at all.

It is time to make a decision.  Do we all agree that we need to move forward 
and retain Razorfish services for the additional $728,000 and incur each of 
OUR allocation of the over all VMS capitalised project total cost or do we 
stop where we are and find other solution to address our needs and debate 
over who was in agreement in the beginning of the project in order to 
determine who picks up the $3 MM already spent.

Please provide me with your response by 5:00 PM PT to allow me to get back to 
Razorfish with a well deserved response by Friday.

Thanks - MO

FYI per my longer e:mail update message...

FYI - Beth Apollo led the doorstep review in Monterrey last week.  No 
problems discovered - but Beth did find some communications and system access 
issues that could be improved to make it easier for Max's team to do their 
jobs.  She has quickly identified a point person within Operations in Houston 
who is bi-lingual (Gordon).  Max's note addresses his pleasure over Beth's 
responsiveness and the doorstep process in general.  Just wanted to pass this 
along.  --Sally  
Max Yzaguirre@ENRON
03/09/2001 04:37 PM
Beth:

Thanks for the note regarding Gordon.  I appreciate the quick turnaround time 
on it, and I agree that he should be a helpful addition to the team.

Put me down as a fan of the doorstop review process.

Best regards - Max

I got the message that you couldn't meet this afternoon.  Thought I would do 
a quick note to bring you up to date on some things. 

Commercialization Efforts- Services:  Delayed by several days due to the 
unexpected absence of Mary Solmonson for health reasons.  I learned about 
this when I returned to the office on Tuesday, and have worked to replace her 
as best we can during this market sizing phase.  Jennifer Denney (who was in 
Dallas with us and works under Sheri Thomas in the EOL Product Control Group) 
will partner with James Scribner in Mary's absence to help us run down 
additional data on potential customers.  Beth Apollo will be working closely 
with James and Jennifer.  They will welcome Rahil's help and will continue to 
work with Jennifer on developing the revenue model.  

Commercialization Efforts - Consulting:  Bjorn Hagelman in the RAC group made 
a presentation at the Risk Forum luncheon last week outlining a plan for 
providing risk consulting services to external customers.  Some of his ideas 
overlap the ideas around consulting that we fleshed out in our Dallas 
meeting.  Some of his ideas included providing services from my risk 
operations team.  I want this to be a concerted and not disjointed effort.  
Bjorn's vision is to create an Enron sub that will be the consulting 
company.  Our team in Dallas saw wisdom in partnering with an 
accounting/consulting firm - established marketing arm, existing customer 
contacts, proven consulting skills, depth of resources, etc.  There could be 
a play to get a hefty sum up front from a consulting firm to partner with us 
- we impart our risk knowledge, they get the edge in the marketplace from 
pairing with us, we take our upfront payment, they do most of the grinding 
work - not necessarily a bad model.  Bjorn seems to be in a hurry, as he has 
identified a shipping company in Europe that is in need of risk consulting 
and is ready to pay.  Probably okay for him to start this effort in that 
way.  Prove concept, and then we can consider the wisdom of partnering with 
someone else.  I spent some time with him today.  I want to be sure that he 
doesn't commit my team to provide a service without our understanding and 
being in agreement with the fee structure.  We are okay for right now.  I 
will be following what Bjorn is doing and looking for ways to work together 
if there is a good upside.  I will keep you posted.  

Commercialization Efforts - Internal Marketing:  We have to change some 
business practices within Enron and create a mind shift when originators are 
selling operational services to their customers.  We must price those and we 
must have a mechanism for granting the appropriate income to Operations.  
Deal is in the works through power origination team - they priced our 
services to customer without our involvement- pricing may not even be 
sufficient to cover our costs.  We are researching.  To do's here are to 
create an internal marketing document to review with lead originators and to 
change DASH process so that Operations has a sign-off.  I met with Louise 
today on this.  I will plan meetings with origination teams during the week 
of March 19.  Would love to get your input on our presentation to the orig 
teams.  I will get you a draft for your comments. 

Operational Risk:  Key focus this week has been on rebuilding a risk team in 
Portland.  Have worked with Stacey White (my power risk director) and Tim 
Belden to make sure we have a short term and long term plan that will work.  
I am comfortable that we have devised a good plan.  (We lost the manager of 
that group last week - a planned move to London to follow her husband to an 
Enron job there.  Our unexpected change this week was the resignation Monday 
of another risk book administrator from Portland.) 

Operational Risk:  Another key area that we are focusing on is the HPL sale.  
End of day today we will know which employees are going to AEP.  We are 
working on a smooth transition plan and how we will handle trailing issues 
with customers after the sale effective date.  We expect to eliminate 46 
positions with the sale.  This number was much larger earlier in the year 
(around 70), but have had a lot of attrition with the news of the sale.  Bob 
Hall is focused on the details around this issue.  

Operational Risk:  We completed a Doorstep Review on the Monterrey office 
last week.  (This is the review of operational controls and procedures.)  
Went well - Max was skeptical about the process at first, but pleased in the 
end.  I will forward and e:mail to you from Max proclaiming his support of 
these reviews.  We overhauled this week the Doorstep Review schedule for the 
remainder of the year and reviewed that today with Rick Causey.  He likes the 
revisions that we have made.  Beth Apollo on my team is leading this effort.  

Spring Break Plans:  My children are on Spring Break the week of March 12 and 
the nanny has the week off.  We will be out of town through Wednesday, March 
13 with the whole family looking at colleges for Meagan.  Patti has contact 
numbers for me if needed.  I may decide to come back into the office on 
Thursday and Friday.  I will let Patti know when we get back in town.  I will 
either see you the end of next week, or back on Monday, March 19.  See 
separate e:mail for contact names and numbers in Operations while I am out.  

 

Meant to copy you on this note.  I will either see you on Thursday next week, 
or on Monday the 19th.  --Sally 

I will be out of the office on vacation the week of March 12.  My assistant, 
Patti Thompson (x39106), will have contact numbers for me if you need to 
reach me while I am out on vacation.  Below are the key Operations Contacts 
for Enron Americas for the week of March 12:

Gas Operations    Jeff Gossett   x37306
      Bob Hall   x36956

Power Operations   Stacey White   x31870

DPR      Shona Wilson  x39123
      Chris Abel   x33102

MPR      Shona Wilson  x39123

I certainly agree that updated information from the wider company database 
should flow to update GCP.  I assume that you have talked with both Mary 
Solmonson and James Scribner about this process to understand the details.  
They are the logical experts for that discussion.  Your memo is a little 
vague on that, so if you are getting information from someone else and have 
not taken the time to talk with the best sources, I would suggest spending 
time with James and Mary so that you and they are appropriately informed.  

Absolutely there are procedures in place to handle these updates to GCP.  I 
believe that these are pretty manual, as there are no systematic feeds from 
Entelligence into GCP.  James and Mary (I refer to both because James has 
only recently assumed Mary's duties within Global Databases) can best discuss 
how this process works.  If you are aware of specific concerns around this, I 
know that James and Mary will want to hear that from you.  As is to be 
expected for any business that has experienced a 600% increase in the number 
of transactions year on year, there are challenges that we face daily in all 
of the tasks that we do.  Your input will help James in making sure that 
priorities are set and personnel are deployed to tackle the biggest issues 
that we have.  I recognize the challenge that Credit must be facing in 
aggregating exposures in our market environment today.  With your input, we 
will do our very best to be certain that the data surrounding the 5.000+ 
deals that are done daily is as accurate as possible.   

   

	
	                           
	

Sally,

I have been made aware of a disconnect between the data held in Global 
Counterparty and in Global Companies ( Entelligence). Much effort has been 
put forth in  "cleansing" the parent/subsidiary information presented in 
Entelligence, yet the same information is not being replicated in GCP except 
for on an ad hoc, manual basis. 

What is the standard for data population in GCP vs Entelligence? Should 
changes and corrections in Entelligence not flow to GCP since our risk and 
trading systems are based on the information housed therein? What process and 
or systems enhancements are necessary to accomplish this end result?

It appears we have a major GCP cleanup in the works while much of the work 
has been already been done for Entelligence. As we struggle to report trading 
positions properly,  let's take advantage of our in house knowledge and share 
counterparty data validation results in order to minimize research and data 
population efforts.

 Your comments and ideas are welcome. 

Debbie

Thanks for the note.  I will definitely look for you in San Antonio.  I would 
love to hear about your new role.  We miss seeing you in ENA.  (I guess that 
is now Enron Americas!)  --Sally 

Jordan Mintz
11/12/2000 12:05 PM
Sally: Just a quick note to congratulate you on your increased role in the 
Enron world.
Hopefully, we'll have a chance to catch-up at the MC meeting later this week.

Jordan

I will be on vacation the week of March while my children are on Spring 
Break.  We will be out of town Monday through Wednesday, looking at colleges 
with Meagan.  We should return to Houston on Wednesday night.  I have planned 
to be out of the office for the balance of the week, but may decide to return 
to work on Thursday and Friday.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), will 
have contact numbers for me while I am out of town in case something urgent 
arises.  I will also let her know during the week whether or not I will be 
back at work on Thursday and Friday.  

In my absence, the following persons are key contacts:

Commercialization of Services:  James Scribner   x39641
       Beth Apollo   x35014

Enron Americas Operations:   Gas:  Bob Hall   x36956
        Jeff Gossett   x37306

       Power:  Stacey White  x31870

Enron Global Markets Operations:  Brent Price    x37647

Enron Industrial Markets Operations: Brenda Herod   x35778

Enron Europe Operations:   Mike Jordan   7830-34703

Global Services:     Beth Apollo   x35014
       

I will be out of the office on vacation the week of March 12.  My assistant, 
Patti Thompson (x39106), will have contact numbers for me if you need to 
reach me while I am out on vacation.  Below are the key Operations Contacts 
for Enron Americas for the week of March 12:

Gas Operations    Jeff Gossett   x37306
      Bob Hall   x36956

Power Operations   Stacey White   x31870

DPR      Shona Wilson  x39123
      Chris Abel   x33102

MPR      Shona Wilson  x39123

Buried somewhere in these e:mail messages is a resume.  Please print for me 
and put it in a resume folder (along with some others that I have in my 
outbox).  I will need to review them when I am back.  Thanks. 

Dear Sally,

This person comes as very highly recommended (my husband says she is one of 
the best people he has ever worked with).  Do you have any suggestions on who 
could use her business development skills?

Thanks

Hi Shona, Tandra does look like a good candidate.  We are holding up on our 
open reqs for now, however, will pass onto IT.

Regards

This person is an outstanding performer.  My husband indicated that she was 
the highest rated senior in her class, and one of the best people he has ever 
worked with.  She recently left KPMG to work for a start up company, who is 
now going bankrupt.

Please let me know if you are interested.

Thanks
Hi Shona.  Randy told me to send my information.  I'm interested in hearing
about some of the opportunities you have to offer.  Please give me a call if
you have any questions.

 <<Tandra.DOC>>
Thanks,

> Tandra Coleman
> www.fuelquest.com
713-222-5798

 - Tandra.DOC << File: Tandra.DOC >> 

FYI - Beth Apollo led the doorstep review in Monterrey last week.  No 
problems discovered - but Beth did find some communications and system access 
issues that could be improved to make it easier for Max's team to do their 
jobs.  She has quickly identified a point person within Operations in Houston 
who is bi-lingual (Gordon).  Max's note addresses his pleasure over Beth's 
responsiveness and the doorstep process in general.  Just wanted to pass this 
along.  --Sally  
Max Yzaguirre@ENRON
03/09/2001 04:37 PM
Beth:

Thanks for the note regarding Gordon.  I appreciate the quick turnaround time 
on it, and I agree that he should be a helpful addition to the team.

Put me down as a fan of the doorstop review process.

Best regards - Max

Thought you might like to see this note from Max on the doorstep review in 
Monterrey.  Beth is a great addition and has made a very positive impact 
already.  --Sally 
Max Yzaguirre@ENRON
03/09/2001 04:37 PM
Beth:

Thanks for the note regarding Gordon.  I appreciate the quick turnaround time 
on it, and I agree that he should be a helpful addition to the team.

Put me down as a fan of the doorstop review process.

Best regards - Max

I think that this sounds like a good plan.  Since Michelle, Clay and Nadege 
are still pending on their fulltime offers, this should help us in the 
cultivation effort.  --Sally 

   

Mike and Sally:

As you know, I attended the AAPL scholarship interviews conducted Tuesday, 
March 6 at OU.  Of the 23 students which interviewed, 3 are current or former 
Enron interns (Clay Shamblin, Michelle Terry, and Nadege Assale).

I have designated $1500 from my budget to be awarded at the EM Spring Awards 
Banquet which will be held April 20 on campus.  

I met with Jody Crook yesterday, and it is our recommendation to award $500 
to Clay, Michelle, and Nadege.  I think this will help impress upon the 
students how Enron values its interns.

The remaining candidates which interviewed ranged from Freshmen to Seniors, 
and I do not feel that awarding them money at this point would necessarily 
improve our success on campus.

I look forward to your feedback.

Regards,

lexi

I was promoted effective February 1, 2001 to Managing Director of Global Risk 
Management Operations for Enron Corp. in Houston.  In this role I manage all 
mid and back office services for all commodities markets within Enron's 
wholesale businesses: Enron Americas, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial 
Markets and Enron Europe.  I received my BBA from UT-Austin in 1975 and my 
MBA in 1977.  My maiden name while attending school was Sally White.    

Wes' memo finally went out to Sherriff.  DPR won't change at this point in 
time.  --Sally 
John,

There has been a fair amount of discussion about this as well as the 
reporting of drift for the North America businesses.  Both Mike McConnell and 
Jeff Shankman are opposed to moving the location of drift in the DPR.  I know 
that North America included US drift in its plan and includes "drift 
earnings" in its margin.  I believe you do the same in Europe.  Jeff is 
adamant that we not  move US drift from EGM's section of the DPR and has 
asked for UK drift to remain, as well.  You may want to call Jeff.  Sally and 
I will do what ever you guys decide.    

Please deal with this.  Wes, you know what I think and what we've decided 
on.  Jeff
FYI

Gary
Michael Kass@ENRON
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
Gary

I prepare the London Summary and I have been requested by John Sherriff here 
in London to have changes made to the reporting format of the Executive 
Viewer report.  John's request and the changes he has asked for are detailed 
below.  In essence, John would like Enron Europe's 'UK Drift' revenue to be 
reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading in the Exec Viewer instead of being 
reported under the 'Global Markets' heading.  If you agree to this change 
could you advise Chris Abel and Johnny Thibodeux to make the appropriate 
changes.  If, however,  you would like to discuss the matter further please 
contact John Sherriff.  

Regards

Michael
John Sherriff@ECT
23/02/2001 16:27
Michael - Please move forward with these changes.

John

James New
23/02/2001 16:14
John,

The attached is the format I believe we discussed and agreed with Ted a few 
days ago. In order that the guys in Houston will make the changes they 
require your authorisation.

If you can authorise by return then Michael Kass and I will forward it on to 
the necessary people below.

If you are not happy with the attached please let me know what needs to be 
changed.

Thanks James
Michael Kass@ENRON
22/02/2001 10:47
Changes are required to the reporting format of Enron Europe's P/L in the 
Executive Viewer .  Below is a list of these changes as well as the person 
responsible for effecting each change:

Gary Hickerson: The UK Drift book is to be reclassified from the 'Enron 
Global Markets' heading to the 'Enron Europe' heading; 

Susie Ayala: The Enron Europe (Net Fair Value) Equity Investments book is to 
reclassified from 'Merchant Summary' to the 'Enron Europe' heading;

Chris Abel: The following changes are to be made to the books reported under 
the 'Enron Europe' heading:
 - J Block is to be reported as a separate line item;
 - Structured Derivatives UK is to include all other structured derivatives 
and power/gas accruals (currently reported under 'Other' line item); 
 - For each of the Electricty books, could you change the word Electricity to 
Power in the headings (for consistency purposes).

Cindy had to change lunch to March 30, which conflicts with Bob Shults. I  
moved Cindy to March 30th- can you try to move my lunch with Bob to March 
28th?  Thanks.  (FYI, CIndy's last names has only "O's" in it - Olson and 
Bob's last name has only "S's" - no "Z".)   

Yes, I can make March 30th work.  I will put that on my calendar.  --Sally 

Kathy McMahon@ENRON
03/09/2001 11:06 AM
Sally, Cindy has a BOD mtg. at the Houston African American Museum on 3/28.  
We've just recv'd the schedule.

Will Friday, March 30, work for you?

Thanks,
Kathy
ext. 3-6232

	Calendar Entry

Brief description:
Date:
Time:

LUNCH - Sally Beck - (location TBD) - meet in lobby at 11:30
03/30/2001
11:30 AM - 01:00 PM

Detailed description:

Thanks for your comments on the standards.  Our approach in creating a global 
exception reporting mechanism is to start simply and build from there.  Our 
initial cut is to have effective exception reporting on a handful of critical 
standards by the end of this year.  That will be a first, to on a daily basis 
have a view into the exceptions outside the global  standards.  Many of the 
measurements that you mention are great management tools for accessing the 
level of excellence of the services that we are delivering and the competence 
of those that are managing these services.  Some of these may be more 
appropriately contained in a monthly operations report that I have instituted 
within ENA and which we are working to proliferate across all of the 
wholesale merchant services companies.  Give me a call and we can set a time 
to get together for a few minutes and I can review this operating report with 
you.  

We spent some time at our offsite in late October with all operations 
controllers reviewing and discussing these standards.  Shona has taken a stab 
at the format of these exception reports.  It is likely that we will have a 
rep from each of the operating companies participate in the final design of 
these reports, so that all feel as if they own the intended output from these 
reports.  

Yes, we are gleaning this information from those that are responsible for 
these activities.  My purpose is not to use this info to punish or prosecute, 
but instead to use this exception report as a tool to garner resources as 
needed to clear the exceptions.  It is invariably the deals that are 
exceptions in some way that create the problems.  For instance, small power 
deals that were done in Calgary before they had a power book set up.  These 
were "on the side" and not captured in total power exposure because they 
didn't have a book to put them in (a discovery during the doorstep review).  
If this goes on the exception report, then we can highjack someone in risk in 
Houston to help Calgary set up a new book, or get IT resources focused 
quickly on any solution that may require their input to fix.  By having a 
prescribed elevation of these exceptions, we should get the appropriate 
attention to correct them.  The spur for making sure that all exceptions are 
appropriately noted, will be that if there is a problem with any deal that 
was an exception (not in the books, no confirm, etc.) and was not included on 
the exception report, that this will be grounds for termination for the 
appropriate operations controller.  I will make sure that as we start this 
reporting process that this is well understood.  The other impetus will be 
that during doorstep reviews the operational activities will be gauged 
against these standards.  The AA internal audits should also access adherence 
to these.  

   

	
	                           
	

This is the first time I have seen these - have they been rolled out ?

I would be interested to see the format of the exception reporting that 
attaches to these standards that you mentioned - did you have anything 
particular in mind ?

I had a few of my own ideas for some diagnostic measures of the extent to 
which these standards are being adhered to - see what you think:

Transactions are recorded accurately and timely (completeness, accuracy)

Daily report of "holdovers" by commodity group (trades not booked in time for 
daily cut - off, including counterparty, volume, price etc)
Report of P&L effect of booking errors as they transpire, including 
responsibility

Daily Management P&L and Position reporting is accurate and timely 
(completeness, accuracy)

Periodic qualitative review by RAC (i.e. Is it sufficient by reference to the 
Risk Management Policy - does it show delta gamma vega as a term structure 
etc....)

NB: the point about "Reports issued on next day of trading at a commercially 
pre-determined time" conflicts with the Risk Managemet Policy, which says 
"...before any subsequent trading ocurrs". I think the diagnostic measure 
should be, for each commodity DPR a report daily of all those signed off as 
final (note I do not neccessarily mean "officialized") after the relevant 
market opening time (usuaully 7.30 am)

Timely confirmation and execution of transactions (completeness, accuracy, 
existence)

Monthly report of all unmatched confirmations:

- outstanding inward confirmations (i.e. sent out, not signed) 
- outstanding outward confirmations (i.e deal done, confirm not sent) 
- outstanding mismatched or disputed confirmations

showing deal trade date, start date, commodity, counterparty, MTM value, aged

Settlements with counterparties occurs accurately and timely (non CACS, non 
Dashed deals)

Monthly report of cumulative amounts of all unmatched or unapplied cash:

Unapplied cash by counterparty, in original denomination, including deal 
reference if any
Unmatched amounts by deal, where settled amount differs from maturing forward 
MTM value

One additional thing that ocurred to me was the fact that those responsible 
for supplying the information are also those responsible for the operation 
underlying it in some sense, so the obvious pitfalls of self - assessment 
will come into play here. Perhaps the "pilot" report should be put together 
somehow independently.

Views ?
DP

Great follow through!  Thanks for managing the doorstep process in Mexico so 
that Max and his team saw that as a plus for them.  Perfect approach and 
outcome.  --Sally 

Max - Hi there, sounded like (from Jaime) you guys have had a busy week with 
various government officials.  I hope the result was good.

We all had a really helpful meeting here in Houston with those guys, and I 
just wanted to let you know that we have found a person to focus time on 
Mexico and work with Jaime and Agustin.  He is bi-lingual and very excited 
about the prospect.  We expect him to be proactive and help out quite a bit 
with setting up the new Mexico trading legal entity.   I have no doubt that 
this will fix most of the little issues that we discussed.  

We also assigned someone to come to Monterrey to set up Jaime and Agustin 
with system access where appropriate, and especially access to Livelink, our 
automated contract viewing system.  This should facilitate access to all 
Mexico contracts online (originals kept in Houston), and there should be no 
need to keep hard copies in Mexico.

Please let me know if you see any other areas where Energy Ops can help, or 
should be more involved.  

Beth
Augustin/Jaime,

I just wanted to let you know that Gordon has accepted our offer to take on 
the new position supporting your trading organization.  He is very excited 
and looks forward to working with you both.  

We are going to work on a transition period for him.  He is currently 
finishing a project on Paper and Pulp settlements to automate those 
processes.  He would like to finish this process before he takes on his new 
assignment full time.  He anticipates the completion of the automation to be 
within the next few weeks.  In the meantime we will work on having him 
cross-train for his new responsibilities.

Please let me know of any questions that you have.

Kim Theriot
713-853-1771

I will be out on vacation next week while my kids are on spring break.  I 
will make the next meeting.  --Sally

Just a reminder that the next Wholesale Deal Meeting will be Monday, March 
12th from 1:30 - 3:00.  This meeting will be held in EB3321.

Michele Beffer
Transaction Support
713-345-7681

I took the Executive Influence and Impact program in May 1999 and also took 
the follow up Communications program in 2000.  Is this another program that 
you are contacting me about, or would Enron like for us to repeat the 
program?  Hopefully HR records indicate that I completed the two programs in 
1999 and 2000.  Just let me know if I need to sign up for anything.  --Sally 

Sally, attached is participant information and an enrollment form for the 
program. Please let me know when you would like to attend and I would be 
happy to make sure you get a convenient date.

Sessions will be held in Houston on the following dates:
 
 May 14-15
 September 11-12
 November 6-7

Thanks and let me know if you need any additional information.

Ryan

Thanks for sending me your thoughts from the meeting you attended.  These are 
interesting, and definitely can relate to some of the things that we 
discussed in Dallas.  Please continue to send me any thoughts you have on the 
subject.  I will organize a recap of the recent work we have done in trying 
to "size" the market for our services and get that out to all attendees 
within the next week or so.  --Sally 

Richard Sage
03/07/2001 07:24 AM
Sally,
I went to a seminar on Monday evening organised by a consultancy called The 
Capital Markets Company, who did the market analysis on the T+1 idea for the 
Global STP association.
Attendees were UBS Warburg, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Depository Trust 
Company etc
The subject was nominally how moving to T+1 settlement in the financial 
markets would affect STP, but it ended up going rather wider than that.
There were distinct echoes of some of the discussions at the ASE in Dallas, 
so I thought you might be interested to see some of the thoughts expressed:

It seemed that every bank was hoping to be able to sell the back-office 
services, but no-one seemed to be willing to buy!
Some people would only ever buy if there was more than one supplier, so that 
there was a competitive market.
Somebody will eventually break through to be able to offer the services.
One cannot avoid having to understand processes by outsourcing - one needs to 
understand the process in order to police the SLA.
Support personnel perceive that it will probably be 5 years before it becomes 
so difficult to make more more in the front office that there will be serious 
focus on saving money in the back office.
Nobody's compensation is realistically tied to achieving operational metrics.
Nothing will change until there is a crisis.
T+1 would just increase the number of fails. (this might be the crisis which 
would drive out the weaker players which would mean that the remaining 
players would be only dealing with better--organised counterparties which 
would decrease the number of fails)
This last point prompts the thought that the quickest way to generate lots of 
demand for EEO services from outside would be to have the standard cycle 
times reduced (have FERC insist?). But we would have to make sure we could 
cope to!

Still checking kids schedules at home for the 19th.  I will let you know 
tomorrow.  --Sally 

Thank you Sally!  I will send him an invite.

Lisa

P.S.  Will you and your family be joining us?

I suspect that you meant to include Bob Hall, the VP that reports to me, on 
this mailing list.  His assistant (Heather Choate) is included in your 
mailing list.  The "Robert L Hall at ET&S" to whom this is addressed is not 
Bob Hall in Networks who reports to me.  You should address this to "Bob 
Hall" - if you do this the e:mail address should pop us as Bob M 
Hall/NA/Enron.   Thanks.  --Sally 

Please see attached invitation.

 << File: Star Wars.pps >> 

I suspect that you meant to include Bob Hall, the VP that reports to me, on 
this mailing list.  His assistant (Heather Choate) is included in your 
mailing list.  The "Robert L Hall at ET&S" to whom this is addressed is not 
Bob Hall in Networks who reports to me.  You should address this to "Bob 
Hall" - if you do this the e:mail address should pop us as Bob M 
Hall/NA/Enron.   Thanks.  --Sally 

Please see attached invitation.

Unfortunately, these new dates don't work for me.  My children's spring break 
is next week, March 12-16,  I will be out of the office that week on 
vacation, taking my own daughter to look at colleges!  --Sally 

Geynille Dillingham
03/07/2001 01:13 PM
Hello Team!!!

The rescheduled Wellesley interview dates are confirmed for March 13th and 
14th.  The tentative dates did not work because it was Spring Break for the 
students.  The Pre-Interview Reception will take place the 12th.  I am in 
need of interviewers still.  I am scheduling the same greeters to return.  
The participants so far are the following:

Pre-Interview Reception First Round  Second Round
Geynille Dillingham  Vacant (I)  Jean Mrha
Sabina Rank   Sabina Rank (G) Vacant (I)
Vacant (I)   Vacant (I)  Grace Kim (G)
    Geynille Dillingham Geynille Dillingham

Please call me or e-mail as soon as possible if you can attend.  As you can 
see I need three interviewers.  

Thanks, Geynille

Please get with Tina and work out how we will handle expense reimbursements 
for Greg's approval.  If Tina and Greg are not yet using the online format, 
then simply sending him original receipts probably won't do anything for 
him.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Please send original receipts for Greg's review.

Thanks,
Tina

How should I do this?

GP

The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Sally W. Beck
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: SWB 3/2/2001
Report Total: $3,238.00
Amount Due Employee: $3,238.00

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur 
Expense.
http://nahou-wwxms01p

 - att1.eml

Thanks for your message.  I thought that John did have responsibility for 
risk, and I am glad to have that clarified.   Kristin worked for me for 
several years as the risk lead for ENA power and joined Barry at EBS last 
August, so I knew that you all had a great resource there!  

I will look forward to a follow-up conversation to explore where we may have 
potential solutions for EBS that can be borrowed or modified from EWS.  Just 
give me a call when you are ready to get back together.  --Sally 

Thanks for taking the time to meet with me today.  You gave me some valuable 
insights and suggestions.

I do want to correct one misstatement that I made.  John DOES have ownership 
of the risk books.  This area of responsibility is being handle by a lady 
named Kristen Albrecht who reports to Barry Pearce who is in charge of 
trading operations.

I am looking forward to meeting with you again soon.

Gay Mayeux
Vice President, Enron Broadband Services
Physical Location:  1400 Smith Street EB4620
                                      Houston, TX 77002
Cyber Location:  gay_mayeux@enron.net
Office: (713) 853-9905
Cell:     (713) 416-8821
Fax:     (713) 646-9502

Please print the attachment for me in color.  Thanks. --Sally 
At the staff meeting on Monday, Dennis Vegas gave a very brief marketing 
presentation.  A copy of the presentation is attached below for those of you 
that were not in attendance or for anyone that would like an electronic 
copy.  Please feel free to contact Dennis at 713-345-4120 if you would like 
to discuss the contents or if you require support.

Thank you.

Cathy Phillips
X-36898

You have the right Sally Beck.  I grew up around the corner from your dad and 
used to eat Thursday fried chicken lunches at Tattie's house (now your house) 
with Jim and the whole family.  Plus your mom and I used to spend the night 
at each other's houses when we were in elementary school.  I had heard 
through my sister Cara (who interviewed your grandad for a USTA publication) 
that you were heading to Enron upon graduation.  

I would love to visit with you about your experience so far at Enron.  Call 
my assistant, Patti Thompson, at x39106 and let's set up a time to get 
together.  Monday or Tuesday next week would be good.  I look forward to 
seeing you.  By the way, our oldest daugher, age 16, is Meagan Worthing 
Beck.   --Sally 

Ashley Worthing@ENRON
11/10/2000 01:35 PM
Ms. Beck,

My name is Ashley Worthing and I just started with Enron about 3 months ago.  
I was wondering if there is any possibility that your mothers name is Sue and 
her maiden name is Worthing?  If I am completely off, I apologize in 
advance...my father, aunt and uncles wanted me to see if I could find you, or 
if this is you.

Thank you,

Ashley Worthing

Count me in - I have really enjoyed doing this during the past two years.   I 
will review the 16 applications and will rank order the top eight for you by 
the end of this week.  For your planning purposes, I will be available to 
interview at UT during the week of March 26.  Best days for me are Tuesday, 
March 27 and Thursday, March 29.  I can make other days work as well.  For 
the luncheon during the week of April 16, I am available on April 16, 17, 18 
or 19th.  Hope this helps.  

If you do not have enough response from your list below, let me know and I 
will help put together a team to interview potential scholarship recepients 
on campus.  --Sally 

Memorandum

I want to thank each of you for your past participation in the selection 
process of the recipients of the UT Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships.  As 
you know, the Enron Endowed scholarships are part of a $3 million gift to the 
school  with $1 million earmarked to endow the Enron UT MBA excellence fund.  
Our scholarships are among the largest at the McCombs School of Business and 
it is important to seek the highest level of involvement for the selection of 
this prestigious award.  Because of your knowledge of the company, your  
judgement and your leadership ability, I am soliciting your help again in 
selecting the recipients of the 2001 scholarships.  

The school has submitted sixteen outstanding candidates for Enron's 
consideration and are confident that we are reviewing the very best out of 
over 100 first year MBA students who actually applied for our scholarships.  
It is now up to us to determine who the final 3 recipients of the $10,000 
scholarships will be.  We are seeking the best and brightest students who 
exemplify the vision, values and beliefs of Enron, regardless of commitment 
to a career in energy.   

In order to expedite the process, I am sending you  the package  with the 16 
applicants for your review.  I would like to get your feedback in rank order 
of the top 8 candidates no later than March 16th.  After we have narrowed the 
pool down  to the top 8 candidates, I will contact the students and arrange 
for a face to face interview in Austin with the Enron team members that are 
able to travel to UT  to make the final selection of the winners.

The school has a very tight deadline that we must comply with for the 
selection of candidates.   Below is a timeline of the process: 

March   6, 2001  - Send applications to Enron Team for review
March 16, 2001 -  Reply to Karen Marshall with the ranking of the top 8 
candidates based on the application
March 19,  2001 - Schedule interviews on campus with Enron team and 
scholarship applicants
March 26, 2001 -   Week of March 26 students are interviewed and winners 
selected
March 29, 2001 -   Announcement of Scholarship  Winners 
April 16, 2001    -  Week of April 16th, schedule a small intimate luncheon 
with Enron executive and the scholarship winners
Sept 10, 2001-      Week of Sept 10th, schedule Scholarship Award Dinner for 
winners and their family, the faculty, the Dean and the Enron team 

If your schedule does not allow you to participate in the selection process 
this year, please let me know immediately so that we don't miss the 
deadlines.  

Thank you in advance for your support.

Karen Marshall
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
               

I was out of the office Friday and Monday - just back today.  I am having to 
rearrange some things that Mary was focused on.  I will get back with you 
later today and let you know who the best contact person will be.  --Sally 

We should all continue looking for more companies, with whom we can draw 
parallels.  Sally, if you know of others which might be more directly 
related, please let us know.

? SSNC (http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/010208/ct_ss_c.html)
? ADP (http://biz.yahoo.com/e/010126/adp.html)

- R

N.B.  Sally, is there a contact person to discuss the "drilled-down" list of 
potential customers that Mary sent us?  Her Asst. said that Mary might be out 
for a few days.

Please keep this number handy just in case.  Thanks. 
Candace Spencer
03/02/2001 12:26 PM
If you need to reach Peggy while she is on vacation you can call her at:
   
   # (808) 879-6321 Unit 4.

If you have any questions or concerns please don't hesitate to call me. 

Was this memo just to inform me of this meeting, or did you cc me to invite 
me to the meeting?  I am not available on March 9th from 12:00 to 1:00.  Does 
this meeting pertain only to IT personnel?  If so, I will ignore this.  If 
you did want someone from my group to attend, let me know and I will ask an 
appropriate person to attend.  --Sally 

	Khymberly Booth @ ENRON
	03/02/2001 02:50 PM
	
I would like to invite you all to a focus group to discuss the new contractor 
engage and renewal processes.  During this focus group we will run through 
the processes and each of you will have the opportunity to offer suggestions 
as to improvements.  After all focus groups are complete and all ideas are 
discussed I will finalise the process and have training sessions for all 
supervisors and Admin. Assistants.  You all are an integral part of the 
success of these processes and all input will be appreciated.  We will be 
meeting on Friday March 9, 2001 from 12:00-1:00 in 49C3.  Lunch will be 
provided.  Please e-mail me to let me know whether or not you will be 
attending.  I am looking forward to meeting you all and hearing your 
suggestions.  Thanks.

Any feedback or interest?  Please let me know.  --Sally 
LaRence Snowden@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
03/05/2001 08:19 AM
Just a word of thanks for setting up the interviews last week.  I was 
thoroughly impressed with the groups and saw several areas which I would like 
to explore further.  I will be following up with Beth Apollo, Brenda Herod 
and Brent Price to explore opportunities in their areas.  Again, thanks for 
your kind gesture and even more so, thanks for meeting me at the suggestion 
of Liz Taylor.

Regards,

LaRence B. Snowden
Enron Broadband Services - Structuring
(713) 853-5132

We got back from Dallas yesterday about 5:00 and it was a fun and very 
fruitful trip for the team.  
Schools are categorized by size - small, medium, large and super.  Klein is 
super-sized.  The Bearkadettes won first place and the grand champion trophy 
in the super category.  Best in Category awards are given for each category 
of team dance entered, regardless of school size.  Klein won best in category 
for all four team dances entered - kick, pom, military and jazz - a clean 
sweep.  Klein also had the first place winner in the solo category and first 
place in the duet category.  Also won first place in officer dances for super 
sized schools.  They also won two special judges awards - not given out every 
time, but only when the judges want to especially recognize achievements.  
They got a special judges award for Creativity and Originality (commentary on 
both our fabulous costumes made by a group of Bearkadette moms and the 
choreography) and a special judges award for Perfect Score (a score of 100 
awarded by all 3 judges for a particular routine - apparently very rare).  
The Perfect Score award was for their pom routine, where they are dressed 
like penguins (one of the ones that Meagan was in).  The girls were pretty 
excited and the moms were cheering a lot, too.  They all work so hard and 
spend so many hours practicing that it is nice to see that pay off!!

I am ordering the video from competition, so we can show you the routines 
sometime.  

I had a lot of fun.  The girls are cute and I enjoyed getting to know some of 
the moms who were chaperoning as well.  But it was nice to get back to 
Houston yesterday.  

Thanks for the update.  Good to know that the current due date still looks 
likely - always give or take a week or so!  I have just returned from drill 
team contest in Dallas - lots of fun and the Bearkadettes did great!  First 
place in their division (super sized schools), best in category for all four 
team dances, first place solo, first place duet, first place officers dance, 
and two special judges awards - one for a perfect score of 100 from all three 
judges on one team routine (which Meagan was in) and one for creativity and 
presentation.  

Keep me posted on baby news!! --Sally 

Hi - Had my doctor's appt. this morning.   Dr. Mingea went ahead and did a
pelvic exam.  She could feel the baby's head, so she has successfully
dropped into the pelvis.  Cervix has not softened any, however, so the due
date still looks pretty good.  Just keeping you posted!    -c.

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

Since Sally is out of the office today, March 5 and will be out next Monday, 
March 12, the OpRisk Forum Luncheon has been cancelled for both dates.  
Please adjust your calendars accordingly.  The 10:00 AM staff meeting, 
however, will be held as usual.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Approved for Patti Thompson.
Sally Beck

XMS (Expense Management System)  For New Users
Session Dates & Times: 
  03/02/2001  1:00:00 PM-4:00:00 PM
Location: EB3321
No Show/Participant Fee: $ 135.00

Magdelena Cruz
03/02/2001 08:52 AM
Your approval is required for Patti Thompson to attend the following class.
To grant approval, send a reply to "magdelena.cruz@enron.com" (NotesMail: 
Magdelena Cruz/HOU/ECT).
  Be sure to include employee's name and class number in reply.

XMS (Expense Management System)  For New Users
Session Dates & Times: 
  03/02/2001  1:00:00 PM-4:00:00 PM
Location: EB3321
No Show/Participant Fee: $ 135.00

If you have any questions, please call the Technology Training Coordinator at 
713-853-1816.

An update on two of the items that we discussed before you went out of town:

Due Diligence Teams for Acquisitions Identified

I have worked with my operations controllers in EWS and have identified a 
short list of individuals that we could use in the due diligence efforts on 
potential acquisitions.  We have identified our target teams for due 
diligence efforts around commodities.  While each person on the list has 
other duties currently, all have back ups that would allow them to be devoted 
to projects as they arise.  I will review this list continually and update it 
as I identify other qualified operations personnel who could do an excellent 
job as part of a due diligence team.  I mentioned that Kristin Albrecht had 
created a due diligence check list while she was in London on the MG 
acquisition.  We will hold a session in the next 10 days to review this 
checklist so that all are prepared.  Let me know if you are interested in the 
names on my list.  Also let me know if there is a pending due diligence 
effort.  

Dedicated Support Named for Transportation Business

I met with Dan Reck and Chris Kravas week before last and have reviewed the 
executive summary from the consulting team.  I followed up with Brent Price 
(my operations controller for EGM) to review his plan for creating an 
appropriate infrastructure to support that business.  Currently, Todd Hall 
and Mike Perun on Brent's team are assessing what needs to be done.  Todd has 
other responsibilities and Dan Reck was concerned about the amount of time 
that Todd would have.  Brent has since recruited Shelley Stubbs to play the 
lead role over operations integration for Webmodal.  She will be returning to 
Houston from the London office by the end of March.  She will be able to 
split her time starting next week to focus on Webmodal.  Todd will stay 
involved until Shelley is devoted fulltime at the end of March.  We will also 
keep Mike Perun on the assignment working for Shelley.  Shelley is expected 
to be in Houston next week, and I will sit in on meetings with her next week 
regarding our plans.  I will keep you posted. 

Bob M Hall@ENRON
11/10/2000 10:27 AM
Attached is the list we supplied to Fran.

I will call with the ones that have moved on.

thanks

bob

Tried you this morning from the car and missed you.  Do you want to talk 
Thursday morning during my commute?  I will be out of the office Friday, 
March 2 and Monday, March 5.  I will be a chaperone for my daughter's high 
school drill team to state competition in Dallas - really a Texas 
experience!  A great time to support her and be around her friends.   And 
nicely enough, she asked me to be a chaperone.  With 81 girls on the team, it 
will be loud, but fun.  --Sally 

Mike Jordan
02/27/2001 01:46 PM

Shona and Mike Jordan had talked last week about pushing back the Doorstep 
review on the metals business in London and had agreed to take that out of 
the plan for Q1.  

As of last week, we have redirected Shona's reporting line to Beth Apollo.  I 
have asked Beth to review the doorstep review plan for all of 2001 and to 
recommend any changes in timing and approach.  Beth is in fact in Monterrey, 
Mexico today and tomorrow, completing a review of that office.  Soon after 
she returns, she will review and update the suggested doorstep review 
schedule.  After that has been updated, she will review the revised schedule 
with Rick Causey for any additional input and concurrence on the selection of 
key offices/businesses to review and the timing of such.  With Beth's 
knowledge of the businesses in London, I am sure we will benefit from her eye 
towards effective scheduling of the reviews.  

I will be out of the office on vacation on Friday, March 2 and Monday, March 
5.  I will check messages at the end of both business days.  My assistant, 
Patti Thompson ( x35926) will have contact numbers for me.  Since I will be a 
chaperone for my daughter and 80 other girls from the high school drill team 
at state competition in Dallas, it is unlikely that I will be easily 
reachable during the day.  

I will be back in the office on Tuesday, March 6.   

I made the decision last week to disband the Strategic Initiatives team which 
reported to Mary Solmonson within my organization.  The group was led by a 
director, and consisted of 2 managers, 1 senior specialist and 4 
specialists.  The employees were made aware of this decision last Friday 
afternoon.  My HR rep was on hand to explain the help that all will receive 
in finding new assignments within Enron through the Enron Corp. Re-deployment 
Team.  Mary Solmonson continues as one of my direct reports, focused on 
CommodityLogic and our business development efforts regarding the 
commercialization of mid and back office services.  

As part of my on-going effort to deliver both the best value and quality of 
service within Energy Operations, I reviewed core versus non-core activities 
within my team.  I am committed to investing appropriately in people 
resources to support core activities.  And I believe that we can become even 
more effective if investments in non-core activities are eliminated.    The 
role played by the Strategic Intiatives team in coordinating systems projects 
will be more appropriately shouldered by the IT project leads and the 
respective business sponsors/end users.  The "middle-man" role played by the 
Strategic Initiatives team had ceased to deliver appropriate value.  

I wanted you to be aware of my decision in case you hear anything about the 
re-deployment effort.  

Certainly if we are able to generate revenue, that will be a great offset to 
our expenses.  At this point, we are working on a best, worst and most likely 
case for a revenue model, plus getting some teeth behind our up front costs.  
With this info, we can size the potential and then decide how to proceed.  

My first note to you around disbanding Joel's group was the best overall 
summary of reasons to disband the team.  In addition, Joel and his team had 
recently spent a couple of hours updating my direct report team on the 
projects in which they were involved.  The update had the exact opposite 
effect that Joel wanted, I am sure.  After the two hour session, it appeared 
to me that the team was probably overstaffed and still adding to its girth, 
fulfilling IT's roles in some cases, not communicating with the rest of my 
direct report team (if your role is be a liaison, then communication is a 
necessary component of the role), struggling to create a role for themselves, 
etc.  If my reaction had been to say "what a talented group - we have to 
figure out how to best utilize them", then the outcome might have been 
different.  But I also had concerns over quality of staff as well.  That two 
hour exposure created so much concern on my part that we were incurring costs 
for the team without commensurate value, that I couldn't in good conscious 
make any other decision after further investigation.  --Sally 

Mike Jordan
02/27/2001 01:29 AM
Thanks for this - given volume increases and our need to develop and test new 
systems that is a stretch target !! I have a similar focus here in Europe and 
am currently meeting Michael Brown & Fernley on a 3 week / monthly basis to 
assess progress.

Have you considered anything on the offsite as of use for this objective ?

Mike

   

I have a stretch goal for the operations budget under Enron Americas to 
reduce costs by the end of the year.  To this end, I have recently studied 
possible options for reaching the targeted savings.  To make the best 
decision on this, I have reviewed functions within my team on the basis of 
core versus non-core functions, and the inherent cost versus value 
proposition.

As a result, I made the decision last week to disband Joel Henenberg's team.  
To fulfill the role of Joel and his team in leading IT initiatives, we will 
lean on the appropriate IT project managers and the business sponsors/end 
users.   

Joel and his team were told of this decision on Friday afternoon last week.  
Our HR rep spent some time with the team explaining the corporate 
re-deployment service that they all will be working through over the next few 
weeks.  
Let me know if you have any questions regarding this.  While it was a tough 
decision, I feel comfortable having made it.    

I have a stretch goal for the operations budget under Enron Americas to 
reduce costs by the end of the year.  To this end, I have recently studied 
possible options for reaching the targeted savings.  To make the best 
decision on this, I have reviewed functions within my team on the basis of 
core versus non-core functions, and the inherent cost versus value 
proposition.

As a result, I made the decision last week to disband Joel Henenberg's team.  
To fulfill the role of Joel and his team in leading IT initiatives, we will 
lean on the appropriate IT project managers and the business sponsors/end 
users.   

Joel and his team were told of this decision on Friday afternoon last week.  
Our HR rep spent some time with the team explaining the corporate 
re-deployment service that they all will be working through over the next few 
weeks.  
Let me know if you have any questions regarding this.  While it was a tough 
decision, I feel comfortable having made it.    

As part of the modelling process, Marc is going to meet with James Scribner 
on Tuesday morning at 9:00 am to review our operations pricing model.  If you 
can join them, you might find it interesting.  They plan to meet in James' 
office - EB3756.  --Sally 
As a follow-up to our brief conversation earlier - 

Sally has enlisted the assistance of Marc Eichmann to build a revenue model 
for the Back Office Commercialization.  To prepare for that, Sally, myself, 
and James Scribner are meeting tomorrow to start to put together the 
assumptions and detailed information that Marc will need to build the model.  
We thought that you could probably offer some valuable insight to this 
process, so we would like for you to attend if you can.

We will be meeting in Sally's office - 3389, on Tuesday from 1:00 p.m. to 
3:00 p.m.

See you there!

Saturday was fun - it was nice I think for all of us to go to the shower 
together.  That was a nice group of women - and fun.  

Cara did tell me about the scrapbook idea and I think that it sounds good.  
Tell me what I can do to help you, but I am probably shorter on time than 
anything.  But if I can get you get addresses or whatever, let me know.  

Payment plan sounds fine.  I am not worried about the timing on that, so 
don't start this until you feel that it makes sense for you and your family.  
With the Viviance thing, you may prefer to defer the start of this until a 
little more certainty is on the horizon.  I can't think of a better place for 
the money to be invested than in you and your family.  

Austin would be fun - but I am glad that Houston is a reasonable distance for 
a day or weekend trip.  Not quite the same as being in town, though.  Maybe 
someday we will be there!  --Sally 

Hey,
?
It was so fun being  with you on Saturday.? It is always nice when someone 
else spills--it is  usually me....
Actually do wish you  were closer...although I am grateful that you are no 
further than  Houston.
?
What did you think  of the scrapbook idea for Mom and Dad?? That is something 
that I could do  that would involve labor--will not be able to make a huge 
contribution  $-wise.? (If Cara did not pass on the scrapbook idea to you let 
me  know!)
?
Also, setup an  automatic payment each month to begin to pay you back.? It is 
a fairly  paltry sum ($35) at this point but wanted to at least get 
started....hopefully  will be able to increase it at some soon in the future.
?
Cindy

As a result of the reorg announcement a couple of weeks ago, this report 
should now go to Philippe Bibi (or his assistant, Peggy McCurley).  Louise is 
now in the office of the chair of Enron Americas.  Philippe has assumed the  
role as chairman of Enron Net Works.  Since this report is a Net Works 
report, please remove Louise from the distribution list and add Philippe and 
Peggy effective immediately.  

Also, I would like to review and perhaps edit the principal projects/deals 
section each week before distribution.  What would be the most efficient way 
to get this done and into your hands in a timely way?  --Sally  
Shari Mao
02/23/2001 05:41 PM
Tammie,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for Louise's weekly 
report, week ending February 22.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Shari

LaRence,

Please note interview schedule below.  Please call me if you have any=20
questions.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

TIME=09INTERVIEWER=09LOCATION=09EXTENSION

1:30 =01) 2:00 PM James Scribner,  Sr. Director EB 3268 x39641
 Enron Net Works
 Global Database Mgmt,
   Operational Pricing Model

2:00 =01) 2:30 PM Jeff Gossett, Director EB 3268 x37306
 Enron Net Works
 Risk Management

2:30 =01) 3:00 PM Beth Apollo, VP EB 3747 x35014
 Enron Net Works
 Global Risk Operations Mgmt

3:00 =01) 3:30 PM Brenda Herod, Sr. Director EB 3748 x35778
 Enron Industrial Markets
 Operations Controller =01) Pulp, Paper, =20
   Lumber & Steel

3:30 =01) 4:00 PM Brent Price, VP EB 3015 x37647
 Enron Global Markets
 Operations Controller & CAO

Thanks,
Patti

Marc,

Unfortunately, today is not going to work for the revenue model for mid & 
back office services meeting.  How about this coming Monday, Feb 26 from 1:00 
- 2:30 pm?  I have penciled in that time for Sally, Mary Solmonson & James 
Scribner.  Please let me know if that will work for you.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Laurel,

FYI, Sally will only be available on Monday and 1/2 day of Thursday (AM).  
She has business travel Tuesday & Wednesday, and vacation 1/2 Thursday and 
Friday.

Patti

Laurel Adams
02/22/2001 04:30 PM
All,

Sheila will be on vacation next week, and we'll be looking for someone to 
sign any manual wires.  We have further reduced the amount, so it should only 
be 1-2/day.    Thank you very much for your help!  Ana Rizvi will most likely 
be the person calling for a signature.  

Thanks for your note.  

Erwin Landivar@ENRON
02/21/2001 01:57 PM
Congratulations Sally on your promotion, and good luck on your new 
responsibilities.
Regards,
Erwin
Please join me and the Global Accounting leadership team in congratulating 
the following individuals on their promotions to:

To Managing Director
 Sally Beck (EWN) 
 Fernley Dyson (EEL)
 
To Vice President
 Beth Apollo (ENW)    
 Janine Juggins (EEL Tax)
 Phillip Lord (EBS)  
 Laura Scott (ENA)
 Chris Sherman (ENA)
 Wade Stubblefield (EES)

To Senior Director
 Buddy Aiken (EEL)
 Jim Coffey (ENA)
 Donette Dewar (Intl. Tax)
 Patricia Dunn (NEPCO)
 Mark Frank (ENA)
 William Gehle (EECC)
 Joseph Grajewski (EECC)
 Jan Johnson (Corp)
 Scott Mills (ENW)
 James New (EEL)
 Mary L. Ruffer (ENA)
 Richard Sage (EEL) 
 Elaine Schield (Corp)
 Kevin Sweeney (ENW)
 Beth Wapner (EBS Tax)
 

Director
 Thresa Allen (ENW)
 Ron Baker (Corp)
 Misty Barrett (EES)
 Jeff Blumenthal (EWS)
 Trey Cash (Corp Tax)
 Karen Choyce (Corp)
 Cheryl Dawes (ENA)
 Lanette Earnest (EWS Tax)
 Jeffrey Gossett (ENW)
 Robert Guthrie (ETS Tax)
 Susan Helton (ENA)
 Ralph Jaeger (EEL)
 Andrea Kerch (EEL) 
 Faith Killen (ENA)
 Johnna Kokenge (Corp)
 Matt Landy (EEL)
 Andy Lawrence (ISC) 
 Connie Lee (EBS)
 Caroline Lothian (EEL)
 Meg Malone (Corp Tax)
 Gary Peng (Corp)
 Stephen Schwarzbach (Corp)
 Sally Seelig (EES Tax)
 Don Shackley (EES/London Tax)
 Patricia Shannon (Corp)
 Eddie Sikes (Intl. Tax)
 Jeffrey Smith ( EGM) 
 Ron Smith (GSS)
 Kim Theriot (ENW)
 Hope Vargas (ENA)
 Tina Ward (EEL)
 Stephen Whitaker (EEL) 
 Stacey White (ENW)
 Rob Wilcott (Corp)
 
To Manager
 Christopher Abel (ENW)
 Stacey Aune (ENA)
 David Baumbach (ENW)
 Maya Beyhum (ENW London)
 Patricia Bloom (ENA)
 Matthew Brown (ENW)
 Vince Cacaro (ISC)
 Clara Carrington (ENW)
 Carol Carter (ENA)
 Carolyn Centilli (ISC)
 Erin Copeland (EECC)
 Richard Cross (ENW)
 Rachel Davis (Corp)
 Michael Desbiens (ISC)
 David Dupre (ISC)
 Eileen Flanagan (EEL)
 Regina Figueroa (ISC)
 Rebecca Ford (ENW)
 Darron Giron (ENW)
 Julie Goodfriend (International Tax)
 Karen Gruesen (ENA)
 Kevin Hall (EEL) 
 Kristen Hanson (ENW)
 David Horne (ISC) 
 Larry Hunter (ENW)
 Todd Hunter (EES)
 Jim Ischy (GSS)  
 Chris Jones (ISC)
 William Kasmervisz (ENW)
 Kam Kaiser (ENW)
 Kedar Kulkarni (ISC)
 Monica Lande (ENW Portland)
 Suzanne Lane (EEL) 
 Vince Mack (ISC) 
 David Maxwell (ENW)
 Emitra Nelson (ISC 
 Caroline Nugent (EWS Tax)
 Mark Pope (ISC)
 Yiannis Poulopoulos (London Tax)
 Melissa Ratnala (ENW)
 Jason Sharp (Corp Tax)
 Stephanie Smith (Corp)
 Patricia Spence (ENW)
 Amy Spode (ENW)
 Patricia Sullivan (ENW)
 Lisa Sutton (ETS)
 John Swinney (ENW)
 Deana Taylor (Corp) 
 Dimitri Taylor (ENW)
 Wayne Tencer (EES)
 Bernella Tholen (ENA)
 Theresa Vos (ENA)
 Blake Walker (EECC)
 Bob Ward (International Tax)
 David Williams (EEL)
 
To Senior Specialist
 Amelia Alland (ENW)
 James Armstrong (ENA) 
 Carmen Ayala (GSS 
 Cynthia Balfour-Flanagan (ENW)
 Gilda Bartz (Corp)
 Stacey Brewer (ENW)
 Marian Briscoe (Corp Tax) 
 Aneela Charania (ENW)
 Patricia Clark (Corp)
 Chris Crixell (EES Tax)
 Diane Ellstrom (ENW)
 Heidi Griffith (EES) 
 Marla Hernandez (ISC) 
 Marlene Hilliard (ENW)
 Dave Hollick (London Tax)
 Rachel Jones (EEL)
 Dawn Kenne (ENW)
 Harry Kent (EWS Tax)
 Blanca Lopez (ENA)
 Brian Hunter Lindsay (EEL)
 Rachel Lyon (EEL)
 Stacy Hardy (ENA) 
 Sally McAdams (ISC) 
 Kelly McCain (Corp Tax)
 Errol McLaughlin, Jr. (ENW)
 Sylvia Martinez (ISC) 
 Kevin Meredith (ENW)
 Meredith Mitchell (ENW)
 Winnie Ngai (Corp Tax)
 Thien-Huong Ngo (ENW)
 Brian Palmer (ENW)
 Bich Ann T Pham (ENA)
 Shelly Pierson (Corp) 
 Lillie Pittman (ISC) 
 David Rae (ENW)
 Dixie Riddle (ETS Tax)
 Salvador Dominguez (Corp)
 Mark Schrab (ENW)
 Stephanie Sever (ENW)
 Danielle Shafer (ISC) 
 Shifali Sharma (ENW)
 Keith Simper (ENA)
 Christopher Spears (ENW)
 Caron Stark (ISC) 
 Tara Sweitzer (ENW)
 David Vandor (ENA)
 Mary Womack (ISC) 
 David Yang (International Tax)
 Sabrae Zajac (ENW)
 
To Specialist
 Kim Chick (EES Tax)
 Justin East (EEL) 
 Joey Esperance (International Tax)
 Randi Howard (ISC) 
 Melanie Hutchinson (EWS Tax)
 Mary Joseph (Corp Tax)
 Sherri Kathol (International Tax)
 Lex Lacaze (International Tax)
 Michelle LeBlanc (Corp Tax)
 Ling Li (EWS Tax) 
 Kori Loibl (ENW)
 Alan Marsh (Corp Tax)
 Bruce Mills (ENW)
 Erika Moore (EEL) 
 Matthew Motsinger (ENW)
 Sherry Meyers (ISC) 
 Andrea Price (Corp Tax)
 Bernice Rodriguez (ENW)
 Tina Salinas (EES Tax)
 Brent Vasconcellos (Corp Tax) 
 Brandi Wachtendorf (ENW)
 Patryk Wlodarski      (ENW London)

To Entry Specialist 
 Stuart Sheldrick (EEL)

To Accountant I
 Becky Klussman (Corp)

To Accountant II
 Silvia Shelby (Accounts Payable)

To Staff
 Mary Behn (EES) 
 Guy Freshwater (ENW London)
 Geralynn Gosnell (ENW)
 Richard Miley (ENW)
 Brent Storey (ENW London)
 Stuart Thom (ENW London)
 Judith Walters (ENW)
 Jonathan White (ENW London)
 Joan Winfrey (ENW)
 
To Senior Tax Analyst
 Emily Allwardt (International Tax)
 Leon Branom (EBS Tax)
 Shanna Husser (EES Tax)
 Shilpa Mane (Corporate/London Tax)
 Todd Richards (Corp Tax)
 Michelle Thompson (Corp Tax)

To Sr. Administrative Assistant
 Norma Chavez (International Tax)
 Sarah Knott (ENW London)
 
To Sr. Travel Administrator
 Cheryl Slone (GSS )

To Administrative Coordinator
 Heather Choate (ENW)
 Kayla Heitmeyer (GSS)
 
To Senior Clerk
 Angela Barnett (ENW)
 Matthew Davies (ENW London)
 Daniela De Lisi (ENW London)
 Rufino Dorteo (ENA) 
 Mark Pilkington (ENW London)
 Narjinder Sandhu (EEL)
 Howard Sweasey (EEL)
 Laura Vargas (ENW)
 Jo Ann Woods (Corp Tax) 
 
To Intermediate Clerk
 Maria Maldonado (Accounts Payable)
 Araceli Mondragon (Accounts Payable)
 Irma Rodriguez (Accounts Payable)
 Bernita Sowell (Accounts Payable)

Thanks for your nice note.  The promotion did get the year off to a nice 
start.  I am glad that you were pleased with the year end PRC process.  While 
time-consuming, I have appreciated the opportunity to get to know Associates 
like you whom I would perhaps otherwise not know.  Keep me posted on what you 
are doing.  --Sally 

Nicole Palczer@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS on 02/22/2001 09:52:40 AM
Sally,  

I just wanted to send a quick congratulatory note on your promotion to 
Managing Director.  And a bit belated, a thank you for serving again as my 
PRC representative.  I was pleased with my outcome at year-end, and once 
again, was one of the few Analysts or Associates who was always kept informed 
about the process.  I appreciate your time and energy in representing me.

Nicole

Thanks for much for your nice note.  Where are you working now?  I hate to 
say that I have lost track.  --Sally 

Lynn Tippery
02/21/2001 03:49 PM
CONGRATULATIONS!  
They did this right with you in the #1 spot!  You definately earned it!
Again, Congratulations.
Lynn

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
Please join me and the Global Accounting leadership team in congratulating 
the following individuals on their promotions to:

To Managing Director
 Sally Beck (EWN) 
 Fernley Dyson (EEL)
 
To Vice President
 Beth Apollo (ENW)    
 Janine Juggins (EEL Tax)
 Phillip Lord (EBS)  
 Laura Scott (ENA)
 Chris Sherman (ENA)
 Wade Stubblefield (EES)

To Senior Director
 Buddy Aiken (EEL)
 Jim Coffey (ENA)
 Donette Dewar (Intl. Tax)
 Patricia Dunn (NEPCO)
 Mark Frank (ENA)
 William Gehle (EECC)
 Joseph Grajewski (EECC)
 Jan Johnson (Corp)
 Scott Mills (ENW)
 James New (EEL)
 Mary L. Ruffer (ENA)
 Richard Sage (EEL) 
 Elaine Schield (Corp)
 Kevin Sweeney (ENW)
 Beth Wapner (EBS Tax)
 

Director
 Thresa Allen (ENW)
 Ron Baker (Corp)
 Misty Barrett (EES)
 Jeff Blumenthal (EWS)
 Trey Cash (Corp Tax)
 Karen Choyce (Corp)
 Cheryl Dawes (ENA)
 Lanette Earnest (EWS Tax)
 Jeffrey Gossett (ENW)
 Robert Guthrie (ETS Tax)
 Susan Helton (ENA)
 Ralph Jaeger (EEL)
 Andrea Kerch (EEL) 
 Faith Killen (ENA)
 Johnna Kokenge (Corp)
 Matt Landy (EEL)
 Andy Lawrence (ISC) 
 Connie Lee (EBS)
 Caroline Lothian (EEL)
 Meg Malone (Corp Tax)
 Gary Peng (Corp)
 Stephen Schwarzbach (Corp)
 Sally Seelig (EES Tax)
 Don Shackley (EES/London Tax)
 Patricia Shannon (Corp)
 Eddie Sikes (Intl. Tax)
 Jeffrey Smith ( EGM) 
 Ron Smith (GSS)
 Kim Theriot (ENW)
 Hope Vargas (ENA)
 Tina Ward (EEL)
 Stephen Whitaker (EEL) 
 Stacey White (ENW)
 Rob Wilcott (Corp)
 
To Manager
 Christopher Abel (ENW)
 Stacey Aune (ENA)
 David Baumbach (ENW)
 Maya Beyhum (ENW London)
 Patricia Bloom (ENA)
 Matthew Brown (ENW)
 Vince Cacaro (ISC)
 Clara Carrington (ENW)
 Carol Carter (ENA)
 Carolyn Centilli (ISC)
 Erin Copeland (EECC)
 Richard Cross (ENW)
 Rachel Davis (Corp)
 Michael Desbiens (ISC)
 David Dupre (ISC)
 Eileen Flanagan (EEL)
 Regina Figueroa (ISC)
 Rebecca Ford (ENW)
 Darron Giron (ENW)
 Julie Goodfriend (International Tax)
 Karen Gruesen (ENA)
 Kevin Hall (EEL) 
 Kristen Hanson (ENW)
 David Horne (ISC) 
 Larry Hunter (ENW)
 Todd Hunter (EES)
 Jim Ischy (GSS)  
 Chris Jones (ISC)
 William Kasmervisz (ENW)
 Kam Kaiser (ENW)
 Kedar Kulkarni (ISC)
 Monica Lande (ENW Portland)
 Suzanne Lane (EEL) 
 Vince Mack (ISC) 
 David Maxwell (ENW)
 Emitra Nelson (ISC 
 Caroline Nugent (EWS Tax)
 Mark Pope (ISC)
 Yiannis Poulopoulos (London Tax)
 Melissa Ratnala (ENW)
 Jason Sharp (Corp Tax)
 Stephanie Smith (Corp)
 Patricia Spence (ENW)
 Amy Spode (ENW)
 Patricia Sullivan (ENW)
 Lisa Sutton (ETS)
 John Swinney (ENW)
 Deana Taylor (Corp) 
 Dimitri Taylor (ENW)
 Wayne Tencer (EES)
 Bernella Tholen (ENA)
 Theresa Vos (ENA)
 Blake Walker (EECC)
 Bob Ward (International Tax)
 David Williams (EEL)
 
To Senior Specialist
 Amelia Alland (ENW)
 James Armstrong (ENA) 
 Carmen Ayala (GSS 
 Cynthia Balfour-Flanagan (ENW)
 Gilda Bartz (Corp)
 Stacey Brewer (ENW)
 Marian Briscoe (Corp Tax) 
 Aneela Charania (ENW)
 Patricia Clark (Corp)
 Chris Crixell (EES Tax)
 Diane Ellstrom (ENW)
 Heidi Griffith (EES) 
 Marla Hernandez (ISC) 
 Marlene Hilliard (ENW)
 Dave Hollick (London Tax)
 Rachel Jones (EEL)
 Dawn Kenne (ENW)
 Harry Kent (EWS Tax)
 Blanca Lopez (ENA)
 Brian Hunter Lindsay (EEL)
 Rachel Lyon (EEL)
 Stacy Hardy (ENA) 
 Sally McAdams (ISC) 
 Kelly McCain (Corp Tax)
 Errol McLaughlin, Jr. (ENW)
 Sylvia Martinez (ISC) 
 Kevin Meredith (ENW)
 Meredith Mitchell (ENW)
 Winnie Ngai (Corp Tax)
 Thien-Huong Ngo (ENW)
 Brian Palmer (ENW)
 Bich Ann T Pham (ENA)
 Shelly Pierson (Corp) 
 Lillie Pittman (ISC) 
 David Rae (ENW)
 Dixie Riddle (ETS Tax)
 Salvador Dominguez (Corp)
 Mark Schrab (ENW)
 Stephanie Sever (ENW)
 Danielle Shafer (ISC) 
 Shifali Sharma (ENW)
 Keith Simper (ENA)
 Christopher Spears (ENW)
 Caron Stark (ISC) 
 Tara Sweitzer (ENW)
 David Vandor (ENA)
 Mary Womack (ISC) 
 David Yang (International Tax)
 Sabrae Zajac (ENW)
 
To Specialist
 Kim Chick (EES Tax)
 Justin East (EEL) 
 Joey Esperance (International Tax)
 Randi Howard (ISC) 
 Melanie Hutchinson (EWS Tax)
 Mary Joseph (Corp Tax)
 Sherri Kathol (International Tax)
 Lex Lacaze (International Tax)
 Michelle LeBlanc (Corp Tax)
 Ling Li (EWS Tax) 
 Kori Loibl (ENW)
 Alan Marsh (Corp Tax)
 Bruce Mills (ENW)
 Erika Moore (EEL) 
 Matthew Motsinger (ENW)
 Sherry Meyers (ISC) 
 Andrea Price (Corp Tax)
 Bernice Rodriguez (ENW)
 Tina Salinas (EES Tax)
 Brent Vasconcellos (Corp Tax) 
 Brandi Wachtendorf (ENW)
 Patryk Wlodarski      (ENW London)

To Entry Specialist 
 Stuart Sheldrick (EEL)

To Accountant I
 Becky Klussman (Corp)

To Accountant II
 Silvia Shelby (Accounts Payable)

To Staff
 Mary Behn (EES) 
 Guy Freshwater (ENW London)
 Geralynn Gosnell (ENW)
 Richard Miley (ENW)
 Brent Storey (ENW London)
 Stuart Thom (ENW London)
 Judith Walters (ENW)
 Jonathan White (ENW London)
 Joan Winfrey (ENW)
 
To Senior Tax Analyst
 Emily Allwardt (International Tax)
 Leon Branom (EBS Tax)
 Shanna Husser (EES Tax)
 Shilpa Mane (Corporate/London Tax)
 Todd Richards (Corp Tax)
 Michelle Thompson (Corp Tax)

To Sr. Administrative Assistant
 Norma Chavez (International Tax)
 Sarah Knott (ENW London)
 
To Sr. Travel Administrator
 Cheryl Slone (GSS )

To Administrative Coordinator
 Heather Choate (ENW)
 Kayla Heitmeyer (GSS)
 
To Senior Clerk
 Angela Barnett (ENW)
 Matthew Davies (ENW London)
 Daniela De Lisi (ENW London)
 Rufino Dorteo (ENA) 
 Mark Pilkington (ENW London)
 Narjinder Sandhu (EEL)
 Howard Sweasey (EEL)
 Laura Vargas (ENW)
 Jo Ann Woods (Corp Tax) 
 
To Intermediate Clerk
 Maria Maldonado (Accounts Payable)
 Araceli Mondragon (Accounts Payable)
 Irma Rodriguez (Accounts Payable)
 Bernita Sowell (Accounts Payable)

This is the replacement meeting for the Hot List meeting.  I have asked that 
you be included on the list of attendees.  --Sally 

The following is from Mike Patrick:

Wes Colwell's Hot List Meetings have previously been held on Thursdays at 
1:30pm and attended by various parties.  This meeting has been replaced by 
the Wholesale Deal Meeting to be held at the same time and location.  The 
attendees will be comprised of each Wholesale Business Unit's CAO, 
Transaction Support lead, Tax lead and Energy Operations management.  The 
meeting will be held bi-weekly and will be adjusted as necessary.   Please 
note that the first meeting will be held tomorrow, Thursday February 22 at 
1:30pm in EB3321.

The purpose of this meeting is :

1) For the CAO/Transaction support lead to summarize the Top 3 deals for the 
quarter in each business unit, focusing on any potential issues that might 
derail the closing of the deal, and

2) For the Transaction Support team to update the group on any global 
accounting issues, and

3) To create/maintain a "Wholesale Critical Deal Sheet" comprised of 
Wholesale's Top Ten critical deals

The meeting is not intended to be a business unit administration meeting 
(i.e., floor space, SAP, etc.).  I believe Wes still plans to hold a 
Wholesale CAO meeting to discuss other non-deal issues.

Following are the dates of the upcoming meetings.  The meetings will be held 
from 1:30pm - 2:30pm in EB3321.

February 22
March 8
March 22
April 5
April 19
May 3
May 17
May 31
June 14
June 28
July 12
July 26
August 9
August 23
September 6
September 20
October 4
October 18
November 1
November 15
November 29
December 13
December 27

Brenda Herod is in charge of Energy Operations for EIM and should be included 
in the invitation list.  Brent Price fulfills two roles for EGM - CAO and 
head of operations, so he is appropriately included covering both fronts.  
Also, I had added Bob Hall to the previous Hot List meeting.  He is a VP in 
Energy Operations for Enron Americas.  I would like for him to be on the list 
for this meeting as well.  He and I will cover for each other on this 
Wholesale Deal Meeting.  You may get both of us in attendance on occassion, 
but usually it will be one or the other of us to cover operations for EA.  
Thanks. --Sally 

   

The following is from Mike Patrick:

Wes Colwell's Hot List Meetings have previously been held on Thursdays at 
1:30pm and attended by various parties.  This meeting has been replaced by 
the Wholesale Deal Meeting to be held at the same time and location.  The 
attendees will be comprised of each Wholesale Business Unit's CAO, 
Transaction Support lead, Tax lead and Energy Operations management.  The 
meeting will be held bi-weekly and will be adjusted as necessary.   Please 
note that the first meeting will be held tomorrow, Thursday February 22 at 
1:30pm in EB3321.

The purpose of this meeting is :

1) For the CAO/Transaction support lead to summarize the Top 3 deals for the 
quarter in each business unit, focusing on any potential issues that might 
derail the closing of the deal, and

2) For the Transaction Support team to update the group on any global 
accounting issues, and

3) To create/maintain a "Wholesale Critical Deal Sheet" comprised of 
Wholesale's Top Ten critical deals

The meeting is not intended to be a business unit administration meeting 
(i.e., floor space, SAP, etc.).  I believe Wes still plans to hold a 
Wholesale CAO meeting to discuss other non-deal issues.

Following are the dates of the upcoming meetings.  The meetings will be held 
from 1:30pm - 2:30pm in EB3321.

February 22
March 8
March 22
April 5
April 19
May 3
May 17
May 31
June 14
June 28
July 12
July 26
August 9
August 23
September 6
September 20
October 4
October 18
November 1
November 15
November 29
December 13
December 27

Looks like a permanent cancellation to me - at least for now!  We can work 
with Wes on the best ways to stay abreast of developing deals that impact 
Enron Americas.  

Please note that Wes Colwell's Bi-weekly Hot List meeting has been cancelled, 
please remove these meetings from your calendar.  If you have any questions, 
please feel free to call myself or Michele Beffer at ext. 57681.  FYI, the 
next meeting was scheduled for 2/22 at 1:30pm.

Thanks, Marc.  I would like to get together with you, Mary  Solmonson and 
James Scribner to begin work on the model for scoping high, low and expected 
cases around the commercialization opportunities for mid and back office 
services.  Mary has just returned today from a week's vacation.  I will work 
on schedules and call you later this afternoon to see if we can have a 
kick-off meeting.  --Sally   

Sally,

First of all, allow me to express my congratulations for your promotion. I am 
following up on the conversation about structuring of the Commodity Logic 
initiatives you had with Greg Piper last week. How do you think we should go 
about looking into the projects? I remain at your disposal for any direction 
you might want to follow.

Marc Eichmann

Thanks for your note.  It has been a nice way to start the year!  --Sally 

Julie Armstrong@ENRON
02/21/2001 08:31 AM
Sally:

Congratulations on your promotion.  It is certainly well deserved.

Julie Armstrong

I have only taken a quick look at the attachment, but thought that I would 
forward it to you.  Does it make sense?  $8MM in equipment charges for 
us???????  Does that include depreciation (which is not equipment)?  Can you 
give me the detail again on everything that falls under the "Consultant" 
line?  What is it and which RC's and RC owners have items there.  Thanks.  
--Sally 
David W Delainey
11/09/2000 06:44 PM
Guys, attached you will find a final cut on the ENA 2001 expense budget.  
Please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are 
appropriate to hit the net ENA target.  In order to stay flat year on year, I 
split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups.  As we had 
discussed earlier, these costs will not be allocated to the business units 
and will be tracked on the ENA income statement below the line and the 
accountability managed by each of you.  All outside variable costs, 
specifically related to specific deals, will be charged to the business units 
eg) outside legal and tax, outside technical expertise, facility costs, 
outside research support, incremental back and mid office support for 
specific asset management deals, specific entertainment, etc.  I look at this 
cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our business 
and evaluate/manage our risks.

Wes, can you please  finalize the one page plan (expenses and headcount) for 
each group with these changes.

Regards
Delainey

Thanks for your note.  I am glad that you and Kristin are getting together.  
--Sally 

Hey Sally,

Just wanted to drop a quick note and congratulate you on your promotion to 
managing director.  That is great!  Also, I wanted to let you know that I am 
having lunch with Kristin today so I will let you know how it goes!

Congrats,

Ashley 

E:mail messages says to check website to determine whether or not DSL is 
available at my home.  However, I don't see a spot on the website to check 
that information.  Can you provide more details?  

Just remember that the DPR is used as an accounting tool as well. despite my 
constant reminders that it is a tool for reporting daily trading results and 
positions against board approved limits.  So do approach this as 
fact-finding; and then I would suggest reviewing any recommendations that you 
may have with Wes Colwell and the RAC group before any changes are made.  

Looks like a good group.  I hope that all will attend and participate.  Did 
Pam do some due diligence for you before sending this e:mail so that you know 
this date and time works for everyone?  

Keep me posted on progress.  --Sally 

I would like you to join me in discussing the DPR, this Thursday at 9:30am.  
Topics I would like to discuss are:

what is currently reported in the DPR (accrual vs mtm)
company/location groups - what we are currently not capturing
relationship with the risk policy
Economic vs earnings risk - what should be captured

I strongly encourage you to attend as your input will be very valuable in 
helping us determine how we should go forward.  Please let Pamela Sonnier 
(X37531) know whether you can attend or not.

Thanks

Shona

I need your help with a quick survey of how many interns you'd like to have 
this year.  Sally needs to forward this number to Rick Causey by noon 
tomorrow.  Please send me your rough count by 11:30 AM (Wednesday).

Thanks for your help,
Patti x39106

Depending on others' schedules, Feb. 23 is good for me.  I will be out of the 
office on March 2.  --Sally 

Gwynn.Gorsuch@enron.com on 02/16/2001 04:50:23 PM
EES and Sally Beck's organization in EWS are joining forces to underwrite
Enron's recruiting presence at the 30th Annual National Association of
Black Accountants National Conference and Job Fair this August in Dallas,
Texas.  NABA is an professional organization of 100,000 African Americans
in the fields of accounting, finance, consulting and IT.

We are planning a photo shoot of a check presentation to the Executive
Director of NABA, who is making a special trip to Houston for this purpose.
The photo and caption will appear in the pre-conference NABA newsletter to
its members (not a paid advertisement).  We would like to have Cindy,
Sally, Wes, Ted and the representative from EES in the photo, if possible.
We also need to decide whose signature should appear on the mocked up check
for the photo - what do you think?

We are checking on dates for the shoot now, and Debbie Nowak will be
contacting you/your assistants to check for your availability.  (likely
contenders are Feb 23 around mid-day and March 2)

We are excited about Enron's participation in this conference and look
forward to some great hires.

Thanks,

Gwynn

I am looking forward to involvement with the NABA and the prospect of hiring 
some strong candidates.  If you want me for the photo shoot, February 23 
looks good.  I will be out of the office on March 2nd - two days of vacation 
on March 2 and 5 to chaperone Meagan's drill team to state competition in 
Dallas.  With 90 girls on the team, that should be fun but exhausting!  

It was great to see you and Grady last night at the rodeo.  Let's definitely 
plan on a ball game in April as a chance to catch up.  I just checked the 
calendar, and it looks like we are on for lunch on March 28!!  A few weeks 
away, but at least it is on the calendar!  If your schedule were to free up 
suddenly, just give me a call and I can see if I could change mine to have 
lunch sooner.  --Sally 

Cindy Olson@ENRON
02/19/2001 06:47 AM
Sally thanks so much......I believe this is a great way to recruit talented 
African Americans......I appreciate your sponsorship!!!!!!
Gwynn Gorsuch
02/16/2001 04:50 PM
EES and Sally Beck's organization in EWS are joining forces to underwrite 
Enron's recruiting presence at the 30th Annual National Association of Black 
Accountants National Conference and Job Fair this August in Dallas, Texas.  
NABA is an professional organization of 100,000 African Americans in the 
fields of accounting, finance, consulting and IT.  

We are planning a photo shoot of a check presentation to the Executive 
Director of NABA, who is making a special trip to Houston for this purpose.  
The photo and caption will appear in the pre-conference NABA newsletter to 
its members (not a paid advertisement).  We would like to have Cindy, Sally, 
Wes, Ted and the representative from EES in the photo, if possible.  We also 
need to decide whose signature should appear on the mocked up check for the 
photo - what do you think?

We are checking on dates for the shoot now, and Debbie Nowak will be 
contacting you/your assistants to check for your availability.  (likely 
contenders are Feb 23 around mid-day and March 2)

We are excited about Enron's participation in this conference and look 
forward to some great hires.

Thanks,

Gwynn

Please change location of this meeting for this week only.  I would also 
change the notation for this recurring meeting to ENW Staff Meeting with 
Philippe with Peggy McCurley as the contact.  Thanks. 
The ENW Staff meeting for Thursday(02/22) will be held in EB2751 for this 
week only,  from 12:00-1:30 pm.

The dial in numbers are:
National dial in 1-888-285-4585
International dial in 1-304-345-7354
Participant Code: 494963
Host Code: 119283 (Philippe)

Please let me know if you are unable to attend.

Thanks,

Peggy
x31832

You and Frank can best decide how to organize this.  I am comfortable with 
your decisions, so feel free to go ahead with this.  --Sally 

   

Sally, 
If it is ok with you, Frank and I would like to split the group in the 
following manner.

Frank would primarily take care of the following groups: 
Bob Hall
Jeff Gosset
Stacey White
Sheri Thomas

I would primarily take care of the following groups:
Leslie Reeves
Shona Wilson
Beth Apollo 
James Scribner
Mary Solmonson

Please let us know if this is ok with you and we will announce it 
accordingly. 
Thanks, 
hgm

Don't I know...they are smart and loving, but a little short on the details 
sometimes, aren't they!  --Sally 

From the Don't Send a Dad to do a Mom's Job Department....

Brigeda just went to her 2nd ortho appointment.  I had a deadline so did not
attend--Richard did.  Apparently Brigeda's treatment plan has changed.  So I
asked Richard what had changed--he didn't know and didn't ask....

Grrr....

Save the date note would be great if you can do that.  --Sally 

Sally - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Sorry I missed your call last night; I
was walking with another prego from the office.

Your payment offer is very generous;  I"m sure we can work it out.  I have
no problem putting it on my card for now.  We have the go-ahead from Cindy,
too - so I think I will go ahead and confirm with Jeffrey's this week.  When
you come in next weekend, maybe we can all look at the sample menus, and get
that decided as well.

Maybe we should send a little "save the date" note to the cousins to let
them know?   I would be glad to do that.

Thanks for your input.   I bet I will talk with you later today, on your
special day!    -cara

TJ,

Sorry, please disregard last email - I did not see this follow-up notice.  
Unfortunately, Sally is not available on Thursday either - she will be at the 
Enron Management conference in San Antonio Thursday & Friday.  All Enron VP's 
are invited (Cassandra & Kevin?).

Please call & I can give you Sally's available time if she needs to attend.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Tamara Jae Black
11/09/2000 12:15 PM
This meeting has been changed to the following:

Thurs., Nov. 16th
room 3125b
1:30pm - 2:30

Sorry for any problems,
Tjae

We have a staff meeting at that time - Stacey, Sally nor I will be able to 
go.  Please reschedule.

Best regards

Shona

Tamara Jae Black@ECT
11/09/2000 11:01 AM
Please mark your calendar for the following meeting with Kevin Presto:

Monday, November 13th
Reg. Var Reports
10am - 11am
room 3125b

Please let me know if you have any questions or conflicts.

Thanks TJae
x35800

   
	
	

TJ,

Can we include the following people for our meeting:

Shona Wilson (Sally's direct report)
Stacey White
Cassandra Schultz (RAC, in charge of VaR transition project)

Would you please run it by Kevin. Thanks, Vlady.

I think that this looks pretty good, and don't know if we could better the 
cost too much by looking around.  Cara, would you like for me to hold the 
reservation on my credit card?  Don't know how much baby stuff may be hitting 
yours, so I would be glad to do so.  

I am real comfortable with sharing the costs of this dinner, but don't 
necessarily feel that we have to split it in thirds.  This is a good year for 
me to cover a large portion of the cost - when we did the 40th anniversary 
party, David and I  were not in such good shape and I think that Cindy and 
Richard covered a lot of the costs.  Things ebb and flow - 2000 was a good 
year at Enron and this would be a good time for me to put some of my reward 
to good use.  --Sally 

Ok--being the one that probably doesn't really have the dollars to do this I
would still say "yes"----will try to make room on a credit card for
this--have until June so I think it is ok.....

Will call the picture lady tomorrow and see what the price would be for
that--will email you the results.

Sista Cindy

Hi, sistas-

Here's the scoop on the Josephine House:

We can reserve with just a credit card; no deposit required.

Parties under 20:  $200 room fee.  $50 valet parking fee.

I confirmed "17" with mom.

Heidi sent some sample menus.   A 3-course menu (appetizer or salad, entree,
dessert) is $45.
A 4-course (same as 3-course plus hors d'oeuvres) sample menu is $52.
Each menu could include a choice of three or four options per course.  The
food sounds really good.

So, here's a guess at cost:
17 people at $45 =  $765
Beverages =        $200
Gratuity =   $193
Valet =    $  50
Room rental =   $200
TOTAL   $1408, or $469 per family if we divide it into
thirds

What do you guys think?   Should we explore other options - or just go with
this?   I think Chris and I would be fine with this sort of cost - but
probably couldn't go crazy with gift and decorations too.  So, if we really
want to do the photo(s) - do we have a cost for these yet?, we may want to
consider other options.    Thoughts?   -cara

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

Thanks for lining this up.  I am glad that they were available on the 2nd.  
--Sally 

okay, sistas - we're in at Josephine's on June 2.   They're faxing me info
on it; we can look it over and commit if we like what we see.  I'll keep you
posted.    Bye!  -cara

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

Please process this request ASAP.

Thanks,
Sally Beck

Bill Rogers@ENRON
02/12/2001 01:18 PM
Sally, 
Patti Thompson is requesting access to cost center #103853 for timekeeping 
purposes.  Please send "SAP Security" your approval for this access.

Thanks,
Bill
X56721

Please print attachment for me.  Thanks. 
Risk 2001 Europe.
Risk magazine's 6th annual European derivatives and risk management
congress.
Paris, April 10-11 2001.

Dear Sally,

Please find enclosed the brochure for the above conference - I believe that
it will be of interest to yourself and your colleagues. As with our other
events I am the delegate organiser, so if you have any questions just give
me a quick bell, or send me an email.

To Register:

Anyone can register at anytime to any of the events by simply replying to
this e-mail including their full invoice details and a fax number. I can
then process everything from this end.

Kind Regards

Simon Sanderson
Delegate Organiser
Risk Waters Group
ssanderson@riskwaters.com
Tel: +44 (0) 207 484 9735
Fax: +44 (0) 207 484 9888

 - BROCHURE.PDF

I will be at a meeting in Dallas next Monday and will be unable to attend.  
--Sally 

Just a reminder that the EGM weekly staff meeting will take place on Monday, 
February 12th, from 8:30 - 9:30 a.m., in video conference room EB 32C2.  The 
staff meetings will continue on a weekly basis on every Monday at the same 
time and location unless notified otherwise.

Please let me know if you are unable to attend.  Thank you.

Cathy Phillips
X-36898

Thanks for your vote of confidence.  I don't think that it is out of the 
realm of possibility.  As we know with all Enron reorg's, what we can count 
on is that this will change!  

We'll miss Delainey in Enron Americas, but as a shareholder I am glad that he 
will be at EES.  Have already had some discussions with him about some 
involvement there.  I will keep you posted.  --Sally 

   

	
	                           
	

Sally -
When I heard the rumour this week about Louise Kitchen transferring out of 
Networks, I was hoping they'd say you were moving to the Office of the Chair 
at Networks!  Do you think a non-commercial MD will ever make it to Office of 
Chair?  If anyone can, you'll do it.

Cassandra.
	
	

Sent by: Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling
Enron is forming a new organization - - the Enron Xcelerator - - to drive the 
formation and development of new businesses at Enron.  Enron's unique ability 
to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the 
years.  Lou L. Pai, currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services, will 
lead the Xcelerator.  Over his years at Enron, Lou has been key to the 
creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy 
service businesses.  The existing business units will continue their 
development of core businesses, while the Xcelerator will be responsible for 
developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of Enron's 
business model and core skills, but not currently under development elsewhere 
in Enron.

Dave Delainey, currently President and CEO of Enron Americas, will become 
Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services.  Dave brings a wealth of 
experience and accomplishment from Enron Wholesale Services' businesses where 
he led the growth of our Canadian business and our North American origination 
activity and, most recently, had a great year in Enron Americas.

Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES.  Joining Dave in the Office 
of the Chairman are Dan Leff, President of EES, Global Energy Services, and 
Marty Sunde, President of EES, Global Marketing and Services.  Dan and Marty 
have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES 
business model.  Also joining the Office of the Chairman of EES is Janet 
Dietrich as Chief Operating Officer.  Janet, currently is Managing Director 
in Enron Americas, where she has been successful in many of Enron Wholesale's 
core businesses, including gas trading, risk management and structural 
origination.  Tom White will continue as Vice Chairman of EES and will focus 
on the development and expansion of EES' customer relationships.  Lou, Tom, 
Dan, Marty and the entire EES organization have developed a great business 
model with great growth prospects.  EES has become an essential part of 
Enron's market valuation and growth story.  This new leadership structure 
will enable EES to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing 
profitability.

John Lavorato will succeed Dave as President and CEO of Enron Americas.  John 
has been an essential part of Enron's energy trading success over the years 
and is a key part of Enron Wholesale Services' continuing success story.  
Joining John is Louise Kitchen, currently President and CEO of Enron 
NetWorks.  Louise, who accelerated Enron's outstanding growth with the 
deployment of EnronOnline, will take over as Chief Operating Officer of Enron 
Americas.

Philippe Bibi, currently Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks will take 
over as President and CEO of Enron NetWorks.  Under Philippe's leadership, 
Enron has become a technology leader and the leading e-commerce company.  
Joining Philippe as Chief Operating Officer is Greg Piper, currently Managing 
Director of Enron NetWorks.  Greg currently leads Enron NetWork's origination 
activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of ClickPaper, 
Enron's successful online pulp and paper marketplace.

Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their 
achievements and their new responsibilities.

Wouldn't it be the four of us?  - You, me, Cara and baby to be named?  Good 
idea.  I'll call you this weekend.  Sorry didn't reply earlier - was in 
Calgary. --Sally 

I've just looked at some beautiful photos--hand colored done by our project
manager's wife--she is a professional photographer.  How would you all feel
about having a really good, artistic picture done of the three of us for a
gift to Mom and Dad?  Let me know--we could do it while Sally is here for
the shower....

Cindy

Doorstep reviews are by design a quick look at commercial activities and the 
mid and back office support for those activities in our wholesale 
businesses.   (EBS and EES will be included in 2001.)  The controls around 
mid and back office activities are best understood by conducting a deal test 
- i.e. following the process and documentation around a series of 
transactions from the inception of a deal through the collection of cash.  
Asking someone to explain their processes and controls is more the act of 
explaining what we think happens.  Doing a deal test tells us what does 
happen.  And it is when there are differences between the controls that we 
believe to be in place and what actually happens, that we identify where 
operational, and perhaps financial, risk is created. 

These reviews are not designed to replace the internal audit work for which 
Enron has contracted with Arthur Andersen.  As such, they are purposely 
designed to be conducted in a shorter timeframe than AA's reviews and to 
produce less paperwork.  It is both the quick assessment of control gaps and 
potential operational risk, and the quick solutions to correct these, that 
are valuable in these reviews.  These reviews also look  for ways to leverage 
success stories from one office to another in terms of best in class 
practices or practical solutions to shared problems.  Briefly, the doorstep 
review process would follow this set of steps:

 1)  Cross-functional doorstep review team arrives at subject office.  This 
is usually unannounced, but key personnel in the subject office may be 
notified of the review a few days prior to the team's arrival to be certain 
that key individuals in that office will be not be out of town. 

 2)  Doorstep team lead will meet with the head of the subject office to tell 
them about the parameters of the review and to ask their co-operation in 
making information and personnel available to complete the review.  

 3)  The review is conducted, including information sessions with key 
commercial personnel to understand the business conducted in the office and 
key control/operations personnel to understand the business processes.  The 
deal test is conducted on a relevant sample of deals to verify the process 
and controls that were followed in the life of the transactions.  

 4)  The doorstep team usually has a rough draft of key points by the end of 
the review, which includes both controls that are working well and those 
which may not be working as designed.  Potential action items are suggested.  
This information is reviewed with the head of the office, as they are usually 
very interested in knowing what can be done to improve controls to support 
their business.   There are times when the head of an office will suggest an 
additional point to be added to the list of action items, knowing that with 
this focus he/she can get help in accomplishing certain efforts to support 
the growth of their business.  The doorstep team lets the head of the office 
know to whom this information will be communicated and the timing for doing 
so. 

 5)  Starting late in 2000, the findings from doorstep reviews would next be 
reviewed with Ted Murphy and me.  Ted's viewpoint would be from Risk Controls 
and mine from the mid and back office operations point of view.  Ted and I, 
assisted by Cassandra Schultz and Shona Wilson, would work with appropriate 
personnel in the subject offices to understand who would assume 
responsibility for addressing action items noted from the doorstep review and 
to determine the appropriate time period for completing these action items.  
Then on a quarterly basis, Ted and I would meet with Rick Buy and Rick Causey 
to give them a recap of doorstep reviews completed during that quarter, 
doorstep findings that had been handled, updates on any outstanding doorstep 
findings and plans for the next quarter.  Through most of 2000, the doorstep 
teams met with Rick and Rick within a few days of returning from each 
doorstep review.  This immediate feedback step was passed to Ted and me 
sometime late in 2000.  We did agree that we would meet with Rick and Rick 
before the quarterly review if certain doorstep findings were of particular 
concern or if we felt that they needed to be informed on an issue in a more 
timely manner than quarterly.   

Steps 1 through 4 were followed in the review of the scrap metals business in 
Germany.  Shona did conduct a debriefing session with the managing directors 
in charge of the scrap metal business.  Her impression was that they were not 
concerned over the length of time that it was taking to implement the 
integration plan nor over the somewhat irregular payment methods that were 
discovered during the deal test that are not in keeping with Enron's 
practices.  Shona also debriefed with Mike Jordan, and I believe that Fernley 
was involved in that session as well.  At my suggestion, she also contacted 
Joe Gold to inform him of her findings.  I do not know what the timing was 
for Joe to get back to Shona, relative to Rick Buy's e:mail message.  

Michael, I understand that you may have felt blind-sided by the e:mail from 
Rick Buy on his concerns over the scrap metal business.  And if that was the 
case, I apologize for that.  While Shona did debrief with Mike and Fernley, I 
know that she did not review the teams findings directly with you.  If you 
would like to be included in a direct debriefing with the doorstep team when 
they review businesses that are managed by EEL, we can certainly add that as 
a clear step from this point going forward.   The out of the ordinary step in 
this doorstep review was Shona's call to Rick Buy and Rick Causey to alert 
them to the doorstep team's concerns over irregular payment methods and the 
level of interest in controls that she perceived from the commercial managing 
directors.   I attribute that to a miscommunication between Shona and 
myself.   Although we had changed the process at year end so that the 
download after doorstep was to be with Ted and me, as Shona and I voice 
mailed back and forth she thought that I had asked that she initiate a 
meeting with Rick and Rick.   This meeting should have been with Ted and me.  
In leaving a voice mail for the two Rick's about setting up a meeting, Shona 
mentioned some concerns.  Rick Buy is the one that called her back and asked 
for more detail.  She definitely covered both the teams findings and the 
integration plan that was underway with Rick Buy.  We don't, however, control 
which points Rick chooses to focus on or those to which he chooses to react.  

To reiterate, the findings from these doorstep reviews are shared with the 
heads of the subject offices at the close of the reviews.  The effort here is 
to help identify control issues that could create risk to a business and to 
offer solutions and resources that may be available from across the entire 
Enron organization.  The key is quick discovery and quick resolution.   The 
findings create a dialogue between the business units, RAC and Operations, 
which I believe is healthy.  We purposefully have chosen not to 
"over-wordsmith" the findings or to delay discussing concerns that can be 
surfaced through these reviews.  Frankly, I believe that these reviews can 
reveal things that are sometimes missed in AA's reviews from a practical 
perspective and afford us the opportunity to mitigate operational risk.  

I would be glad to discuss any details of the doorstep review process with 
you.  We certainly want you to be informed and to view this process as 
valuable input for you in managing EEL's business.  Mike Jordan and certain 
members of his team will be involved with doorstep reviews for other 
businesses outside EEL later in the year.  We are certainly open to any 
suggestions you may have on getting the most out of this process.

I will be working in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 
and 8.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106) has numbers where I can be 
reached.  I will be back in the Houston office on Friday, February 9.  

Key contacts in Houston over the next two days are:

DPR   Chris Abel    x33102

MPR   David Maxwell   x36983

Gas Operations Bob Hall    x36956
   Jeff Gossett    x37306

Power  Leslie Reeves   x37962
Operations  Stacey White    x31870

  

Please change this on my calendar.  Thanks. 
Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

02/06/2001 04:31 PM
The CAO Staff Meetng that was scheduled for Tuesday, Feb. 13 has been changed 
due to the Enron Board Meeting.

Please note the new date and time:

  Thursday, Feb. 15
                                  2:00 - 3:00
  50th Floor Boardroom

Please check you calendar---

CAO Staff Metings
Everyother Tuesday   8:30 - 9:30
The next scheduled Tuesday meeting is Feb. 27 

I know that there was a pretty serious set of audit findings from the TX 
RRCommission earlier this year.  I suspect this is a result of that.  Brenda 
Herod was involved in the download meeting with the rep from the TRRC.  If 
she hasn't already told  you about that meeting, you may to visit with her on 
that.  --Sally 

Bob M Hall@ENRON
11/09/2000 05:59 PM
FYI,

Not sure what all the issues are.

I'll keep you updated.

bob
	
	

As you know, HPL is a gas utility subject to Texas Railroad Commission 
("RRC") jurisdiction, and as such HPL must comply with relevant statutes and 
regulations.  Two RRC regulatory reporting matters in which I have been 
involved are HPL's Gas Utility General Annual Report and tariffs.  I have 
concluded that the way in which these filings are accomplished, and 
particularly the information systems used in the processes, should be 
reviewed.  Mike Eiben and Bob Hall have also been involved in this process 
(although Bob came in only recently) and are much more familiar with the 
intricacies of the process and systems than I.  Rather than going into detail 
in this memo, I intend to set up a meeting soon for the addressees of this 
memo to discuss the situation.

Entelligence is being used in Houston, so they must have done training here.  

Patti is setting up my meeting with James for Friday.  I just left her a 
message and asked her to let you know the time that is scheduled for - plus I 
will leave you a message after I have talked with him.  I hope to have that 
meeting with James at 10:30.  

Interruptions have been rampant - and I am still not finished with reviews.  
Shona will actually be in Calgary at the same time that I will be, so we will 
do her review on the plane, in the airport or at the hotel - and I will tell 
her about the reorg.  Again, I will leave you a message to let you know that 
we have had that conversation.  

That's great to have dinner with Lou.  I think that it would be good to find 
out from him what sort of interaction he has with the London office, what's 
working, what's not working - in an informal way.  Are they on an Enron 
network?  Do they get Enron e:mails?  How often does Lou go to London or 
someone from London mid office come to New York?  I still suspect that New 
York is somewhat neglected just because of the distance between London and 
New York and the fact that there seems to be plenty for Mike and his team to 
chew on in London.  Particularly now with a renewed focus on the scrap metal 
business.  

Enrjoy the OpRisk Conference.  They tend to be heavily attended by bankers 
and there focus is that direction as well, but there is a lot that we can 
glean from what they are doing.  It snowed there a lot yesterday.  Of course, 
according to Peggy Hedstrom, it is 0 degrees (daytime temp reading) and snowy 
in Calgary.  

I look forward to seeing you in Dallas.  --Sally 

Beth Apollo
02/06/2001 04:28 PM
Will start to check into this.  I would like to see the training, so I can 
get familiar with the product.  Have they delivered it in Houston at all?

Thanks for the Heads up on James for Friday.  I will be in NY at the 
conference, but at least that clears the way for me to start getting busy 
when we get back from the ASE on Wed.

I am having dinner with Lou Colorusso, one of the Metals guys in NY on 
Thursday night.   Marcello declined.  Any issues you think I should discuss 
with him?   I know there is a doorstep outstanding for the NY office.  I will 
get the scoop from Shona on those results before I go.

How did Shona take the news yesterday.  I will wait for your go ahead to make 
contact with her on the re-organization.

Enjoy the trip to Calgary.  I will see you in Dallas on Monday morning.

Beth

   
	
	

FYI - I will meet with James on Friday when he is back from London to go over 
the change in reporting for him.  I gave his review the end of last week, but 
didn't get to review the reporting change.  I will ask Patti to let you know 
when I am meeting with James on Friday.  Wanted you to be in the loop on this 
- particularly when we are getting in front of commercial guys, I want this 
to be well done.  The training may be great - I just wanted to make sure that 
James knew about Avril's trip and that he was aware of the content and 
delivery on the training.  Looks like he still has some homework to do.  
--Sally 
James Scribner@ENRON
02/06/2001 03:21 AM
Not yet.  I will follow up with Avril.

   
	
	

Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things?  --Sally 
	Peggy Hedstrom
	02/05/2001 12:01 PM
	
Please mark your calendars for EnTelligence Training on February 22nd.  
EnTelligence is a system developed by Enron that provides a prospecting and 
management reporting website combining information from internal and external 
systems.  New enhancements to the system now provide Activity Detail reports 
by counterparty.  It also contains Family Tree information for companies 
(i.e. subsidiaries, division of... etc.).  Avril Forster from the Houston 
office will be providing the training.

We will divide the training into three sessions on February 22nd  as follows:

10:00 - 12:00 Origination team training
1:30 - 2:30 Energy Operations team training 
3:00 - 5:00 Trading team training 

All training will be in the Video #2 boardroom (next to Liz Prior).  Please 
make every effort to attend this training.  Hopefully, you will find the 
EnTelligence system a useful tool for each of you.  If you have any questions 
or concerns, please let me know.

Kathryn Corbally (Senior Director currently in Investor Relations) is moving 
to Connecticut soon to join her husband.  He has been working up there for 
the last six or eight months - he was one of the group that defected from our 
weather derivatives team about a year ago.  She hopes to continue to work for 
Enron - has been talking with Investor Relations and some other groups that I 
can't remember - and to do so either out of her home or in Enron's New York 
office.  

It struck me that depending upon needs at MG's New York office, that Kathryn 
could be someone for you to consider.   She came originally from the London 
office - you may or may not find anyone still there that could give you some 
feedback on her.  In London, she ran mid and back office - that was in very 
early days for EEL, so most of the job was probably accounting.  She came to 
Houston and  has done a number of different things.  I think that she is well 
organized and control minded.  Understands Enron's business.  Managing a 
group of people is probably not her strongest attribute.  I am not sure that 
people enjoy working under her.  That could be old news, however.  There are 
a number of people here in Houston that could probably give you a read on her 
based on very recent experience.  Do you know of her?  

Just thought that I would mention her as a potential resource in New York.  
Don't know what your short and longer term needs are there.  She would 
definitely represent an Enron point of view.  They have two small daughters - 
she might be interested in something part time even.  Could mean lower cost 
that way.  

This idea may not have any merit or you may not have a need around metals.  
If you do want to consider this, I will be glad to help identify who you 
could go to for some fact finding around her.  Let me know.  --Sally   

Itinerary for Sally Beck
Calgary, Alberta, Canada
February 7, 2001

Wed, Feb 7 Continental Flt. CO 1563 (Seat 14C) =20
 9:20 am Depart Houston-IAH
 12:43 pm Arrive Calgary International

Time Difference in Calgary (-1 hour from Houston)

2:00 PM Video Conference to Dave Delainey staff mtg
Call Nella Cappelletto x6971 to confirm room=20
   =20
3:00 PM Operational Risk Meeting w/Peggy Hedstrom
 Millinium Tower, 2nd Floor Boardroom
 (behind Second Cup Coffee Shop)
   =20
Hotel: Sheraton Suites YYC Eau Claire
 255 Barclay Parade SW
 Calgary, AB  T2P 5C2
 Canada=20
 Phone:  403-266-7200
 Fax:  403-266-1300
 Confirmation:  C675106591

 Enron Canada Corp.
 Suite 3500, Canterra Tower
 400 =01) 3rd Avenue S.W.
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 4H2

Contact: Peggy Hedstrom
 Phone:  403-974-6753  =20
 Fax:  403-974-6707
 Cell:  403-850-4893
 Pager:  403-294-5371
          =20
Thurs, Feb 8 Continental Flt. CO 1562 (Seat 14C) =20
 1:19 pm Depart Calgary International
 6:10 pm Arrive Houston - IAH

Yes - let's plan on my house on Sunday.  I have to leave for the airport 
after the meeting (off to exotic Dallas) and that will just make it that much 
easier for me if the meeting is at my house.  

Sarah would be great if the dads are not available for car care.  Hearing it 
from a woman's point of view would be interesting!  

I agree that it is too close to plan a dad's event for this weekend.  Another 
thought, continuing the baseball theme from last year, is to get tickets to 
an Astro's game.  I have season tickets through Enron and can buy blocks of 
tickets for games.  I have the schedule at home and I will check tonight to 
see if there is perhaps a pre-season game in March that would work.  We could 
discuss that and other suggestions at the meeting on Sunday.  

I will also bring info on other symphony dates - in case we have a large 
number of girls who will take the SAT on March 31.  If not too many are tied 
up, we could go ahead with the open rehearsal at 10:30, and then the girls 
who take the SAT could join us for lunch if they would like.  

Thanks for making the calls.  I am making up this quarter for only a little 
travelling at the end of the year.  Report from the Calgary office today is 
that it has snowed at that it is about 0 degrees (that is a daytime 
tempurature reading!).

I will call you on Thursday night when I am back in town.  I will leave with 
David the spreadsheet on offices held by the girls in past years in case that 
is needed while I am out of town.  --Sally 

Sally:? I am refiguring this meeting...I have tried three  places and can not 
find a person willing to speak to us about car maintenance,  so I checked 
notes...you were correct, Pam Martins dad and Emily U. dad were  both 
volunteered by their wives, I will check them out this evening.? I  have call 
into Bob Lindsay, policeman and NCL dad, about safety.. we will  see.? I 
thought I might try to get some brief info from Ann YOung on  Applause 
Theatre, our new phil.? On nominations, there were a couple of  girls who did 
not complete info sheets last time, I will call them  tonight.? Also, I can 
check with the three on nominations and see when they  are available, will 
let you know.? If you don't mind having regular  ticktocker meeting at your 
house, that would be great.? If all else fails,  Sarah Marshall (yes, that is 
right) probably knows more about car care than  anyone I know...the girls 
call her if their car doesn't start.? Her theory  is that the first thing is 
to turn down the_______ radio as you are backing out  the drive, so you can 
hear your car...pretty basic.?
Summary:? Can we do TT meeting at your house?? I  will email agenda for that 
meeting to you.? I will have Abi check with  girls about nominations and let 
you know when they can meet...we will go from  there.? Is this okay with 
you.? This is the meeting I thought we might  dd Dad/ dtr but too close, so 
we better come up with another idea....dance  lesson, maybe...think Megan 
suggested that.? 
?
Have a good trip. Linda

FYI - I will meet with James on Friday when he is back from London to go over 
the change in reporting for him.  I gave his review the end of last week, but 
didn't get to review the reporting change.  I will ask Patti to let you know 
when I am meeting with James on Friday.  Wanted you to be in the loop on this 
- particularly when we are getting in front of commercial guys, I want this 
to be well done.  The training may be great - I just wanted to make sure that 
James knew about Avril's trip and that he was aware of the content and 
delivery on the training.  Looks like he still has some homework to do.  
--Sally 
James Scribner@ENRON
02/06/2001 03:21 AM
Not yet.  I will follow up with Avril.

   
	
	

Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things?  --Sally 
	Peggy Hedstrom
	02/05/2001 12:01 PM
	
Please mark your calendars for EnTelligence Training on February 22nd.  
EnTelligence is a system developed by Enron that provides a prospecting and 
management reporting website combining information from internal and external 
systems.  New enhancements to the system now provide Activity Detail reports 
by counterparty.  It also contains Family Tree information for companies 
(i.e. subsidiaries, division of... etc.).  Avril Forster from the Houston 
office will be providing the training.

We will divide the training into three sessions on February 22nd  as follows:

10:00 - 12:00 Origination team training
1:30 - 2:30 Energy Operations team training 
3:00 - 5:00 Trading team training 

All training will be in the Video #2 boardroom (next to Liz Prior).  Please 
make every effort to attend this training.  Hopefully, you will find the 
EnTelligence system a useful tool for each of you.  If you have any questions 
or concerns, please let me know.

Please print memo and attachment for me to review on the plane tomorrow.  
Thanks.  --Sally 

Please find attached the summary integration plan that you requested during 
our debriefing last week. 

The first part of the table shows the controls objectives and the controls in 
place at 31 Dec 2000 when Enron Metal Recycling was divided into two halves: 
MGMR and Bergman.  Our overall controls assessment per risk at that stage was 
level 2 (below average controls).  

We have sumarised the implementation steps required to achieve an increase in 
controls assessment to level 3 (average), 4 (good)  or 5 (excellent) in each 
case,  along with latest completion dates to achieve those controls. 

We have then added a column of comments on the actual implementation with a 
bar chart to show how far advanced the work is.  The revised controls 
assessment at 31 Jan shows an average of 2.5 and our plan should enable the 
controls to be around a level 3 (average) by end of February. 

We will issue a revised table monthly in order to clearly update you on our 
progress.  If you would like to schedule a specific meeting to go through any 
of the points or queries that you may have, please let me know and I will 
organise.

Many thanks

Naomi

 

Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week. Steve and 
Richard are coming as well.  You might tell Mike that we can provide the two 
of them with desk space as well, but that we will reserve the spot with the 
computer and phone for Mike.  And schedule some time for me to meet with him 
on Thursday as well.  I will deal with Louise's meeting in another way.  

You might e:mail Mike and let him know that we have a spot for him with 
computer, network connection and phone on 33.  You might also offer to set up 
any appointments for him while is here.  Thanks. 
Mike Jordan
02/06/2001 12:18 PM
Thanks for the note

Great to see James - I am really warming to his style and we can do some good 
work on promoting a global standard for static reference data control - more 
to say on that next week

Looking forward to Dallas and am planning to return to Houston for Wed and 
Thurs ( with Steve and Richard  - although Richard is leaving on Wed night ( 
something about Valentine's night and only getting so much time away !! ) ). 
Thursday lunch sounds good - you know I love Mexican!! I will try to buy 
Shona and a few usual suspects dinner on Wednesday 

Speak to you soon - and good luck with the rest of the appraisals

   

No memo out yet on the Doorstep process.  I am still in the throws of 
completing the 13 reviews that I have to give - should be finished by 5:00.  
I will send the memo on Doorstep process to you, Fernley and Michael Brown 
before I leave for the day. 

I will be in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday with Peggy Hedstrom 
and her team.  Back in the Houston office on Friday. 

Hope that James' visit is going well.  Thanks for getting appointments 
organized for him. 

I look forward to seeing you in Dallas next week.  I am glad that you, 
Richard and Steve will be able to participate.  Are you still planning to 
come back to Houston after the meeting in Dallas?  I fly from Dallas to 
Austin on Tuesday night, so that I can do a full day of interviews at UT for 
summer interns on Wednesday.  I will be back in the office on Thursday and 
Friday that week.  Let me know if we can help in setting up any 
appointments.  We can do lunch on Thursday or Friday, if your schedule 
allows.  I can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our Dallas 
meeting and to follow up on some other issues.  I would offer dinner on 
Thursday night, but that is my birthday and I think (hope) that my family 
will have dinner plans for me that evening.  Is there someone else in Houston 
that you would like to have dinner with while you are here?   --Sally 

No memo out yet on the Doorstep process.  I am still in the throws of 
completing the 13 reviews that I have to give - should be finished by 5:00.  
I will send the memo on Doorstep process to you, Fernley and Michael Brown 
before I leave for the day. 

I will be in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday with Peggy Hedstrom 
and her team.  Back in the Houston office on Friday. 

Hope that James' visit is going well.  Thanks for getting appointments 
organized for him. 

I look forward to seeing you in Dallas next week.  I am glad that you, 
Richard and Steve will be able to participate.  Are you still planning to 
come back to Houston after the meeting in Dallas?  I fly from Dallas to 
Austin on Tuesday night, so that I can do a full day of interviews at UT for 
summer interns on Wednesday.  I will be back in the office on Thursday and 
Friday that week.  Let me know if we can help in setting up any 
appointments.  We can do lunch on Thursday or Friday, if your schedule 
allows.  I can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our Dallas 
meeting and to follow up on some other issues.  I would offer dinner on 
Thursday night, but that is my birthday and I think (hope) that my family 
will have dinner plans for me that evening.  Is there someone else in Houston 
that you would like to have dinner with while you are here?   --Sally 

Please note time and location for Promotion Luncheon for Managers:

Location: EB 32C2
Time: 11:30 AM
Date:  Today, Tuesday, February 6, 2001

We look forward to seeing you there.  If you have any questions, please call 
me.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

I will not be able to attend.  -Sally 

   

	
	                           
	

This is a reminder that the next Weekly Risk Forum Luncheon will take place 
Tuesday, February 6th from 11:30a.m. to 12:30pm in conference room EB-2868.  
Lunch will be served; consequently, if you are unable to attend please advise 
accordingly.

Thanks
AC Romero 
3-0402

Good memo.  I will be curious to see if you get any comments or response from 
the commercial guys.  --Sally 

Brent A Price
11/09/2000 03:39 PM
Attached for your review are the fundamental operating standards and controls 
that have been developed by the Wholesale Services group.  These standards 
are to be met by all Enron offices and by each functional group within the 
operations process.  Qualitative standards should be viewed as the basic 
measures to be taken when opening a new office or trading a new commodity.  
Statistics measuring compliance with quantitative standards will be monitored 
on a daily basis and any issues that arise will be addressed immediately.

As business unit heads, you play a critical role in working with Operations 
to ensure that proper controls are in place and working effectively.  Please 
review this document and let me know if you have any questions or wish to 
discuss further.

Regards,

Brent

Thanks for the info.  I am going to have to miss the luncheon tomorrow.  
Despite what seems to be a definite scheduling challenge, I am trying to do 
two lunches this week - one with operations personnel promoted to manager 
(about 15 of those) and one with operations personnel promoted to director or 
senior director (smaller group).  To make this work while the promotion 
announcements are still timely, we have had to schedule on Tuesday this week 
for one of the lunches.  I will get an update from Shona.  

   

	
	                           
	

Attached is a memo summarizing policy changes and revised trading limits that 
will be recommended to the BOD for approval on the 13th, next week.  We can 
discuss at the Risk Forum Luncheon tomorrow (Chris, you're invited also) - 
some DPR reporting practices may need modification to aggregate commodity 
risk across the company.

Regards,
Cassandra.

Thanks for the weather report.  I bought a good coat a couple of months ago 
with London and Calgary in mind.  Worked well in London two weeks ago, so I 
will come equipped with coat, gloves, scarf, etc.  

I can go either way on dinner for Wednesday night.  If it would be good for 
you to get home at a reasonable hour, then we can all three have an early 
supper.  (If I get in bed early my body would probably be in shock, but would 
adjust!)  Or if we don't want to feel rushed, then a drink with Laura sounds 
great.  Ask if her pronunciation in Spanish class is improved or impaired by 
alcohol.  I will let you all decide based on your commitments both inside and 
outside work - either way will work well for me.    --Sally 

	Peggy Hedstrom
	02/05/2001 04:19 PM
	
Just wanted to let you know that our weather has turned a little colder this 
week.  We have a little bit of fresh snow and the temperature is in the high 
20's, however with the windchill it's more like 20 F.  For dinner on 
Wednesday, Laura has a Spanish class at 7:00.  We have a couple of options.  
We could go to dinner at Joey Tomatoes right after the meeting at 5:00.  Or, 
we could go for a drink with Laura after the meeting and you and I could go 
to dinner afterwards. My preference would be to eat earlier rather than 
later, but I'm pretty flexible.  Let me know which works better for you.

Please print Wellesley schedule - I think that I have a conflict with the 
date that they need me.  Let's discuss.  
Geynille Dillingham
02/02/2001 05:53 PM
Hello Team!!!

Due to scheduling conflicts the strategy has been adjusted.  Please review 
the strategy for the changes and adjust your schedules accordingly.  If you 
have problems or concerns, please feel free to contact me.

I will be out of the office until the 16th but will be checking e-mail and 
voice mail.

Thanks, 

Geynille Dillingham
Recruiter
3-1546

Corina Taylor
Recruiting Coordinator
5-7344

Please print the attachment at end of e:mail in color for me.  Thanks. 
--Sally 

	
	                           
	

Thought you might want to see what we are preparing for the DealBench team.  
This was our first third party auction.  Although we had some major technical 
issues (the site went down for over an hour between auctions), Sabre saved 
over $500,000 which hopefully made up for the down time.  My team did an 
excellent job calling the auction participants and reacting very quickly as 
the site was brought back up.  

Let me know if you have any questions.
Sheri
Andrea Crump@ENRON
02/02/2001 10:55 AM
Hello,

The Sabre, Inc. auction summary report is attached. The report is also 
located in the Auction Deal online. Please let me know if you have any 
comments or feedback.

Thank you,
Andrea
x54420

Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things?  --Sally 
	Peggy Hedstrom
	02/05/2001 12:01 PM
	
Please mark your calendars for EnTelligence Training on February 22nd.  
EnTelligence is a system developed by Enron that provides a prospecting and 
management reporting website combining information from internal and external 
systems.  New enhancements to the system now provide Activity Detail reports 
by counterparty.  It also contains Family Tree information for companies 
(i.e. subsidiaries, division of... etc.).  Avril Forster from the Houston 
office will be providing the training.

We will divide the training into three sessions on February 22nd  as follows:

10:00 - 12:00 Origination team training
1:30 - 2:30 Energy Operations team training 
3:00 - 5:00 Trading team training 

All training will be in the Video #2 boardroom (next to Liz Prior).  Please 
make every effort to attend this training.  Hopefully, you will find the 
EnTelligence system a useful tool for each of you.  If you have any questions 
or concerns, please let me know.

I will be in Calgary Wednesday and Thursday this week.  Tuesday is tough, 
because I am trying to finish giving performance reviews.  I can make time on 
Tuesday, but would prefer that we hold this to an hour.  --Sally 

Lisa Petruszka@ENRON
02/05/2001 12:21 PM
Hello folks -

As we discussed in the initial sponsor meeting, we would like to have a 
preliminary walkthrough of the ASE Studio Workshop draft agenda.  We are 
targeting this discussion for either Tuesday or Wednesday morning and will 
need about 1 to 1 1/2 hours for a thorough review.  Please let me know when 
you can meet and I will arrange the logistics.

Thanks
Lisa P

I had the same reaction.  We didn't get much of a break between the January 
and February meeting!  Was it car care and car safety that we had planned for 
Feb?  And do we have a volunteer to host the meeting?  I could certainly host 
if needed.  Did you have a constable or someone in mind to talk with the 
girls about car safety?  I would be glad to call them and make arrangements 
if you let me know.  Any ideas on car care?  Seems like Joy Martin mentioned 
her husband as a possible "expert" there.  Or should we try to call Firestone 
or Jiffy Lube or one of those spots to get a speaker?  I am headed to Calgary 
for Wednesday and Thursday this week, but can make plenty of phone calls 
before I leave.  

On nominating committee, I have a list of offices held over the years by the 
girls that will be needed by the nominating committee.  I would be glad to 
meet with the girls on the committee either Thursday night (I land from 
Calgary around 6:00 pm), Friday night or Saturday.  I can get you this list 
if you need to meet with the committee before then.  It may be tough to get 
the girls together, but am I correct in assuming that they need to present a 
slate at our Feb meeting and then they vote in March?  

The symphony open rehearsal sounds good - 10:30 am on Saturday, March 31; buy 
tickets at the door ($4).  Problem is that SAT's are given that day.  Meagan 
is signed up to take them.  I wonder how many others may be taking the SAT 
that day?  If there are only a few conflicts, we could go ahead and it's okay 
if Meagan misses.  If we have a lot of conflicts, then this may not work.  
Maybe we could get Merritt to e:mail this question to the girls when she 
contacts them about this weekend's meeting.  They could check their schedules 
and then we could get a count.  I will also look into other possible dates 
and get availability and prices on tickets just in case.  

I will try to call you after a lunch time meeting today.  --Sally 

Yikes!? Just looked at schedule and realized ticktocker  meeting is next 
week, can that be?? I am snowed under today (Sunday), as  everyone is going 
in a different direction, Gary leaves town for a week in the  a.m.? Tomorrow 
I will see what I can pull together, and try to catch you  Monday pm or 
Tuesday am.? Abi is on nominating committee and says she will  sit down with 
me tomorrow and look at schedule, so those girls and both of us or  one of us 
( I am pretty free the rest of the week), can get together.? Talk  to you 
tomorrow. Linda

FYI
Tricia Spence
02/02/2001 05:29 PM
I will be unable to attend due to an off-site customer meeting.

Thanks
Tricia Spence
3-4222

Congratulations on your promotion to Manager.  Brent Price, Bob Hall, Leslie 
Reeves, Brenda Herod and I would like to invite you to a luncheon in 
recognition of your promotion on Tuesday, February 6.  We appreciate your 
contributions to the continuing success of Enron's wholesale services 
business.  We would like the opportunity to help you celebrate your 
promotion.  

Please RSVP to Patti Thompson (x39106).  Details on time and location will 
follow.  

--Sally 

Brent Price, Bob Hall, Leslie Reeves and I would like to invite you to lunch 
on Friday, February 9 in recognition of your promotions to Director and 
Senior Director.  We appreciate your contributions to the continuing success 
of Enron's wholesale services business and feel that these promotions are 
worthy of celebration.  

Please RSVP to Patti Thompson (x39106).  Details on time and location will 
follow.

--Sally  

I couldn't agree with you more.  Mike missed the point of our phone call this 
week.  It was not to discuss the fine points of doorstep process or 
etiquette!  The point was ownership of an integration process and deadlines 
that were missed.  And how telling that when asked bluntly about his comfort 
level with controls for US operations that Mike's response was a deferral to 
Marcelo.  I have a one-hour conference call set up with Mike tomorrow.  This 
is one of the things that we will discuss.  --Sally  

	
	                           
	

From Ted...

	
	                           
	

Cassandra,
I think Michael's issue is just one for you and Shona to worry about and try 
to simultaneously come up with a way to diffuse without bastardizing the 
process. .  I continue to say the we need to maintain the theme that speed 
and "gut reaction" is preferable to consensus and prosecutable evidence,  I 
feel so strongly about this that I would consider removing my team from 
involvement if politically correct, grammatically sound and properly 
researched reports that do not say anything or are stale or are full of 
ambiguity are the end result (see the internal audit report on 
Helsinki!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!).   I think the solution is make it clear that these reports are not to 
be used for prosecution but frank discussion.
I am right about this.
Please forward this to Shona/Sally/Mike or anyone else at your discretion 
(this is a compromise between Evil Ted and Zen Ted)

Ted

I will be in the Calgary office with Peggy Hedstrom and her team next week on 
Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8.  

Do either one of you have a specific issue that needs to be addressed that I 
could handle while I am in Calgary?  My agenda with Peggy and her team is 
pretty full, but I can add to that anything that you know of that we need to 
address.  Just let me know. 

That puts me in Calgary for the staff meeting on Wednesday.  I will sit in 
with Rob Milnthorp on the video conference for the first hour of the 
meeting.  I already had a meeting scheduled with all of Peggy's team during 
the second hour of your staff meeting.  Due to location constraints, we will 
have to keep that meeting as scheduled.  So I will have to step out of the 
staff meeting for the second hour.  

Seattle sounds nice.  Haven't made it there myself.  Enjoy the trip.  If you 
have time, I would love to get with you late next week to discuss my thoughts 
about next steps for Joel's team.  --Sally 

Also, when you are back, I would love to set up a meeting with you and some 
of my direct reports so that we can get an update on IT priorities.  We are 
addressing some issues that create operational risk that may require some 
system enhancements to help us mitigate those risks, and we would like the 
opportunity to share those with you in the context of priorities for systems 
work.  

All,

I will be out of the office at a Microsoft CIO Summit in Seattle from Monday, 
February 5 until Wednesday, February 7.  I will be back in the office 
Thursday, February 8.  If you have a problem that requires immediate 
assistance, please call Richard Burchfield at 3-7454.  I can be reached by 
cell phone at 713-501-9622.

Beth

In my new role as social secretary for James, I wanted to let you know that 
he will be in London next week on business.  He will arrive on Monday morning 
(February 5) and should be in the Enron office  most of the day on Monday, 
Tuesday and Wednesday.  He will fly back to Houston on Thursday.  He has 
dinner plans for Wednesday evening, but would love to get together with you 
for dinner on Monday or Tuesday, if you are in town and available.  He will 
be staying at the Sheraton Belgravia Hotel - walking distance to Enron 
House.  Best way to contact him at Enron's London office would be through 
Mike Jordan or his assistant.  Mike's number (don't know how many of these 
digits you actually need to call from there) is 011-44-207-783-4703.  

Hope you guys get to see each other.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally 

Julie called me immediately after getting my e:mail message about you.  Her 
role has changed once again at  Enron!   She is running more of a 
fundamentals group at present.  Wanted to know if you would be interested in 
that.  Told her that I couldn't speak for you.  I'd suggest that you contact 
her and talk with her even if at first blush that may not be your first 
interest.  Can't hurt to hear about what she is doing and spend some time 
with her.  You may not then be interested in her rotation, but you'll know 
more and she will know you.  

FYI - she is a University of Nebraska graduate.  --Sally 

I asked Mike this week if your baby was here, and he said that you had just 
returned to the office.  Congratulations on the birth of your little girl.  I 
hope that all three of you are surviving those first few weeks of adjustment 
and that sleep is not too short a commodity in your house!   I will look 
forward to seeing pictures of Lauren when I am next in London.  You do know 
that now that you are a dad that it is a requirement to be armed with 
adorable pictures at all times?!
--Sally 

Enjoy a well-deserved afternoon off.  I appreciate your notes when you are 
out on who to contact.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally 

Jeffrey C Gossett
02/02/2001 11:09 AM
If you need anything this afternoon,  please call Kam (x35781) or I will be 
checking my messages.

Thanks

Just a quick note to see how you are doing.  I mentioned your name today to 
Kristin Albrecht.  She is a Senior Director over Risk Management for Enron 
Broadband Services (EBS).  Kristin and I used to work together in Enron 
Americas, and we had lunch today to catch up.  She grew up in Wharton and is 
an A&M graduate, so it occurred to me that you two have at least two things 
in common.  I wanted you to know that I have given Kristin your name.  She 
can be another contact for you here at Enron.  If you are interested in what 
is going on at EBS or want to get Kristin's impressions on rotations within 
or outside EBS, she would be great for you to visit with.  

Drop by soon to give me an update on life at Enron for you.  --Sally 

Along with Mike McConnell, I am active in recruiting for Enron's Analyst 
Program at the University of Oklahoma.  We became involved in recruiting 
there two years ago when I learned about a targeted undergraduate program 
that seemed like it could be a good fit for our program.  OU transformed 
their old PLM (Petroleum Land Management) program into the Energy Management 
Program in the School of Business.  This undergraduate degree retains the 
geology, business law and other specialized classes that were part of the PLM 
program, but adds additional finance hours with a focus on derivatives and a 
trading floor course.  With the added plus of many of these students growing 
up in or around "energy" families in Oklahoma or Texas, I thought that 
recruiting top graduates from this program could be beneficial to Enron.  Our 
recruiting efforts at OU continue to be successful and our OU Energy 
Management graduates have done well at Enron.  

Our first hire from OU (and the top Energy Management student) was Jody 
Crook.  He joined the analyst program last February after a December 1999 
graduation.  His first rotation has been on my team, working as a risk book 
administrator in gas trading.  He is in the process of looking for a second 
rotation at the end of February, and I think that he is someone that you 
should consider for a rotation on your team.  In addition to this last year's 
risk experience at Enron, Jody worked as a landman for two summers for 
Burlington Resources.  

I was very involved in recruiting Jody to Enron.  I think very highly of him, 
and want to be sure that he has good rotations while in the Analyst program.  
His background and your business seem to be a good fit.  Please visit with 
Jody as he contacts your group about a rotation.  It will be well worth your 
time.  

Thanks.  

  --Sally   x35926 

Along with Mike McConnell, I am active in recruiting for Enron's Analyst 
Program at the University of Oklahoma.  We became involved in recruiting 
there two years ago when I learned about a targeted undergraduate program 
that seemed like it could be a good fit for our program.  OU transformed 
their old PLM (Petroleum Land Management) program into the Energy Management 
Program in the School of Business.  This undergraduate degree retains the 
geology, business law and other specialized classes that were part of the PLM 
program, but adds additional finance hours with a focus on derivatives and a 
trading floor course.  With the added plus of many of these students growing 
up in or around "energy" families in Oklahoma or Texas, I thought that 
recruiting top graduates from this program could be beneficial to Enron.  Our 
recruiting efforts at OU continue to be successful and our OU Energy 
Management graduates have done well at Enron.  

Our first hire from OU (and the top Energy Management student) was Jody 
Crook.  He joined the analyst program last February after a December 1999 
graduation.  His first rotation has been on my team, working as a risk book 
administrator in gas trading.  He is in the process of looking for a second 
rotation at the end of February, and I think that he is someone that you 
should consider for a rotation on your team.  In addition to this last year's 
risk experience at Enron, Jody worked as a landman for two summers for 
Burlington Resources.  

I was very involved in recruiting Jody to Enron.  I think very highly of him, 
and want to be sure that he has good rotations while in the Analyst program.  
His background and your business seem to be a good fit.  Please visit with 
Jody as he contacts your group about a rotation.  It will be well worth your 
time.  

Thanks.  

  

Here is the info on the meeting in Dallas.  I am glad that you will be able=
=20
to join us. --Sally=20
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel i=
n=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=
=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete=
 a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=
=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20

I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desig=
n=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13t=
h=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called =
a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is compos=
ed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=
=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previous=
ly=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=
=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.

A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=
=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in th=
e=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=
=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=
=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=
=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to suppor=
t=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =
=20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods s=
o=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=
=20
these two days.

Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=
=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=
=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=
=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.

I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendanc=
e=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=
=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=
=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=
=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.

I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yo=
u=20
in Dallas!

I will call you tonight!  

thanks--would it be easier to read it to me over the phone so you don't have
to type it tomorrow?

Yes, you are nuts!  I can't believe that you already have so many
gingerbread houses made.  The cookie exchange was fun - fudge is definitely
the easy route on that one.

I will get the recipe from home tonight and will e:mail it to you tomorrow.
-Sally

Hey--how was your weekend--fudge delivered?

Got my bake sale item done--an 18 layer cookie tower.  Have 9 houses baked
with 3 to go.

Now to show that I really have gone nuts--I thought I would cook breakfast
for the 2nd grade at school on Friday morning....can I have your breakfast
pizza recipe?  We all thought it was great and I think the kids will think
it is fun....

Thanks!

Cindy

Thanks for your help on getting Chris Hanz lined up to talk with Chris 
Hoyle.  If you don't get anyone to talk with John Rodgers, don't worry about 
it.  I may have someone that could talk with him from the EnronOnline team.  
_Sally 

Ashley Baxter@ENRON on 11/09/2000 05:13:01 PM
Sally,

I have arranged for Chris Hoyle to meet with Chris Hanz, Sr. Director 
Business Analyst at 11:00 a.m. tomorrow in EB1812.  Lexi is going to bring 
Chris to the 18th floor and pick him up at 11:30.  I am still trying to 
arrange for someone to meet with John as well and as soon as I have that 
information I will let you know.  I am having some problems due to the fact 
that we have one of our office visit events taking place during that time.

Thanks,
Ashley

Sally Beck@ECT
11/08/2000 10:47 PM
This will work well, assuming Steve and Chris are available.  Hopefully, Lexi 
will have their resumes for you tomorrow.   Thanks for your help.  I will be 
in touch on details.    

----Original Message-----

I agree - he does look like a good candidate.  Please do go ahead with a 
phone screen and let me know if we should then interview him.  Thanks. 

   

Sally, 
Looks like a quality candidate.   No industry experience but plenty of good 
background.    Let us know if you would like for our recruiters to phone 
screen him for you and save you an investment of time.   
hgm
Gwynn Gorsuch
02/01/2001 05:15 PM
I received this resume through some contacts in the Houston chapter of the 
National Society of Hispanic MBAs.  He is interested in Enron, period.  (I 
called him to clarify his interests:  he is happy for an opportunity to use 
his bilingual skills, and is therefore interested in Enron Europe and Latin 
America, as well as Houston.  He is perfectly content to stay in Houston, 
though.)  

Let me know if this resume looks interesting to you.  Also, who should I send 
this to in London?

GG 
JAVIERF224@aol.com on 01/31/2001 08:31:56 AM
Gwynn,
First I would like to introduce myself.  My name is Javier Fernandez and I am
the Treasurer of the National Society of Hispanic MBA's Houston chapter.

I had a meeting with Martha Salinas and Kornel Rost this past weekend and
they mentioned that you are looking for bilingual MBA's to help with
European operations.  I am attaching my resume for your review.

As my resume shows, I have an MBA in International Business and am a CPA in
the State of Texas.  I have several years experience in finance and am
looking for something that meets my background.

Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments and
thank you very much for your time.

Best Regards,
Javier Fernandez

 - FHCRES~1.DOC

Please put the dates referenced below on my calendar.  You may need to get 
more details from Lexi.  Thanks. 

I think it would be great if you could attend on both dates.  However, the 
more important of the two would be March 6 as that would allow you to hear 
the students interview and assess their skills.

There is a slim chance that Mike could attend the event in April.  Jody Crook 
plans on attending that event, too.  I will be at both events, so there will 
be an Enron face at both events.

Please let me know if you will be available.

Thank you,

Lexi 

   
	
	

This looks great.  Do you need me for either of those two dates?  

How was dinner last night?   Sorry that I couldn't stay, but I know that the 
students were in good hands.  Who else attended from Enron?  --Sally 

   

Mike and Sally:

I have been in contact with Ted Jacobs and have volunteered $1500 in 
scholarship funds to be awarded by Enron this spring.  By volunteering this 
money, we are now able to attend scholarship interviews on Tuesday, March 6 
on campus.  This will provide us with the opportunity to target candidates 
for next fall and lay the groundwork for a more competitive future.

After we have identified our scholarship recipients, we are invited to 
present our awards at the Scholarship Awards Banquet on Friday, April 20.  

Ted will (if he has not already) approach you, Mike, to see if you are 
interested in playing a role at this event.   If you are available to attend, 
please let me know.  I plan to have at least 2 Enron representatives at the 
event.

I just wanted to give each of you these details to keep you fully informed of 
our efforts on campus.  If you have any questions or suggestions, please let 
me know.

Thank you,

lexi
3-4585

Watch for her call.  Ask her to send me a resume to review and set up a 
meeting when convenient.  Thanks. 
Paula Rieker@ENRON
02/01/2001 03:59 PM
Sally - I had a chance to meet with Norma Tidrow today.  Norma is currently 
the Corp. Secy. at Azurix.  I worked closely with her in the International 
business and have a very high regard for her work.  Norma's background is as 
a senior legal specialist.  She has advanced to a Director level at AZX.   I 
believe she would be a very strong candidate for the right job within Enron.  
She is a very quick learner, and her documentation and process-oriented 
skills are exceptional.  Pls. expect a call from her to discuss 
opportunities.  Thanks for your consideration!  Paula

I will look forward to talking with Norma.  Thanks for suggesting that she 
contact me. --Sally 

Paula Rieker@ENRON
02/01/2001 03:59 PM
Sally - I had a chance to meet with Norma Tidrow today.  Norma is currently 
the Corp. Secy. at Azurix.  I worked closely with her in the International 
business and have a very high regard for her work.  Norma's background is as 
a senior legal specialist.  She has advanced to a Director level at AZX.   I 
believe she would be a very strong candidate for the right job within Enron.  
She is a very quick learner, and her documentation and process-oriented 
skills are exceptional.  Pls. expect a call from her to discuss 
opportunities.  Thanks for your consideration!  Paula

Can you upgrade me to first class?  
Catherine Elder <catherine.elder@travelpark.com> on 02/02/2001 08:24:55 AM
                                                   SALES AGT: CE/ZX5YNG

                                          BECK/SALLY
                                          SUITE 3015
                                          ETKT RECEIPT
  ENRON CORP

  DATE:  FEB 02 2001                   205505

SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  07FEB HOUSTON TX     CALGARY AB     920A    1243P
CO 1563    H          WED   G.BUSH INTERCO CALGARY INTL
                            TERMINAL C
                            SNACK                         NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         4:23 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
                            SEAT 14C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID

HOTEL                 07FEB SHERATON SUITES YYC EAU CLAIRE
                      08FEB 255 BARCLAY PARADE SW
                            CALGARY, AB T2P 5C2
                            CANADA
                            TELEPHONE: 403-266-7200
                            FAX: 403 266-1300
                            CONFIRMATION: C675106591
                            REFERENCE: D2QENR
                            SINGLE ROOM QUEEN SIZE BED
                            RATE: ENR CAD 175.00 PER NIGHT
                            GUARANTEE GIVEN
                            ENRON CORP NO SMK
              TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  08FEB CALGARY AB     HOUSTON TX     119P    610P
CO 1562    H          THU   CALGARY INTL   G.BUSH INTERCO
                                           TERMINAL C
                            SNACK                         NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:51 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
                            SEAT 14C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID
                YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: ITZPQT
           **************************************************
         YOUR TICKET REFLECTS A NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT FROM THE TAP
             THE PUBLISHED FARE FOR THIS TICKET IS $2061.66
           **************************************************

MISCELLANEOUS         07JUN HOUSTON TX
                      THU   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP **

      AIR FARE 1585.32      TAX 137.52          TOTAL USD        1722.84
                                            AIR TOTAL USD        1722.84

                                        INVOICE TOTAL USD        1722.84

PAYMENT: CCAX378771223712001/0301/A000020

RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/ITZPQT

BECK/SALLY W  S5C0413R1055               TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7024485690

CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC681463
*******************************************
NTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
*********************************************
PROOF OF U.S. CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED.
CERTIFIED BIRTH CERTIFICATE W/PICTURE ID OR PASSPORT
**************************************************
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
THIS IS AN ADVANCE PURCHASE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
CHANGES ARE SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY AND REQUIRE
AT LEAST 3 DAYS ADVANCE NOTICE

This looks great.  Do you need me for either of those two dates?  

How was dinner last night?   Sorry that I couldn't stay, but I know that the 
students were in good hands.  Who else attended from Enron?  --Sally 

   

Mike and Sally:

I have been in contact with Ted Jacobs and have volunteered $1500 in 
scholarship funds to be awarded by Enron this spring.  By volunteering this 
money, we are now able to attend scholarship interviews on Tuesday, March 6 
on campus.  This will provide us with the opportunity to target candidates 
for next fall and lay the groundwork for a more competitive future.

After we have identified our scholarship recipients, we are invited to 
present our awards at the Scholarship Awards Banquet on Friday, April 20.  

Ted will (if he has not already) approach you, Mike, to see if you are 
interested in playing a role at this event.   If you are available to attend, 
please let me know.  I plan to have at least 2 Enron representatives at the 
event.

I just wanted to give each of you these details to keep you fully informed of 
our efforts on campus.  If you have any questions or suggestions, please let 
me know.

Thank you,

lexi
3-4585

FYI - The details below take care of the Hess "sharing arrangement" that we 
discussed yesterday.  --Sally 
Jeffrey C Gossett
01/31/2001 07:10 PM
FYI....
Errol McLaughlin@ENRON
01/31/2001 06:52 PM
Jeff,

Deal QN2026.1 (EOL 803898) was booked on 01/24/2001 -  Enron Buys 15000/d 
Feb. 01 at 6.90.  Deal QN2004.1 is a duplicate of this deal.  Deal QN5772.1 
was booked on 01/25/2001 - Enron Sells 15000/d Feb. 01 at 7.115.  The booking 
of QN5772.1 generated positive revenue of $90,300.  Annuity deal QN2026 
paying Hess $45,143 was booked tonight.

Thanks,

Errol

Glad to hear that we are getting there.  Josephine's House (Jeffery's annex) 
is really good.  They do a great job of serving.  At past Enron dinners, they 
have printed menus specific for the occassion - really nice looking and a 
nice keepsake.  Maybe we can do this.  --Sally 

Heya...

Richard has lunch with dad today.  Richard asked him about the anniversary
thing.  He said he thought with all that was going on a nice dinner rather
than a trip sounded good....I guess we're reaching consensus at last....will
nail down Mom for sure tomorrow night, find out who she wants to invite and
the make the reservations at the Jeffrey's annex place...

Cindy

Thanks for your note.  I do believe that this indicates a recognition within 
the organization of the importance of the work of the whole group.  That is 
nice to see!!--Sally 

Diane H Cook
01/31/2001 10:00 AM
Wow - what a spectacular accomplishment.  This also 
reflects so well on our entire organization.  

It's nice to see employees in non-commercial roles get so well
recognized for their performance.

Congratulations, Diane

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
We are pleased to announce the following promotions within Enron Net Works.  
These promotions will be effective February 1, 2001.   We would like to thank 
these individuals for their past contributions and recognize their 
instrumental roles in the growth and success of the organization.  Please 
join us in congratulating the following employees, and wishing them continued 
success with Enron.        

To Managing Director
Sally Beck
      
To Vice President  To Senior Specialist    
David Forster  Luis Aybar    
David Samuels  Matthew Burleigh    
Jay Webb  Heather Busby    
  Stephen(Steve) Harrington    
To Senior Director  Wei Hu
Scott Mills  Aneela Charania
Kevin Sweeney  Diane Ellstrom
  David Rae
To Director  Shifali Sharma
Michael(Mike) Croucher  Gang(George) Ji
Rahil Jafry  Jorge Mancero
Savita Puthigai  Kirti Patel    
Ganapathy Ramesh  Virendra Patel    
Drew Ries  Raleigh(Trey) Rhodes    
Stuart Reed  Mark Symms    
Thresa Allen  Carlos Uribe    
Jeffrey Gossett  Ye Wang    
Kim Theriot  Amelia Alland    
Stacey White  Cynthia Balfour-Flanagan
  Stacey Brewer
To Manager  Marlene Hilliard
Nilay Basu  Dawn Kenne
Frank Coles  Errol McLaughin    
Mark Davidson  Kevin Meredith
Daniel(Dan) Dietrich  Meredith Mitchell
Colin Tonks  Thien-Huong Ngo
Danielle Marcinkowski  Brian Palmer
Kari Oquinn  Mark Schrab    
Tai Nguyen  Stephanie Sever
Cornelio Pua  Christopher Spears
Amy Spoede  Tara Sweitzer
Gerald(Jake) Staffel  Sabrae Zajac
Vernell Vallejo      
Jing Fang(Jennifer) Zhou  To Specialist    
Christopher Abel  Robert Henry    
David Baumbach  Benjamin(Ben) Jordan    
Rebecca Ford  Nikolay Kraltchev    
Ngiam(Jeremy) Wong  Grace Warren
Matthew Brown  Kenneth(Kenny) Lim    
Clara Carrington  Victoria Sorkina
Richard Cross  Patrick Marchand    
John Swinney  Sumit Shah    
Maya Beyhum  Kori Loibl    
Patricia Sullivan  Bruce Mills    
Patricia Spence  Mathew Motsinger
Dimitri Taylor  Bernice Rodriquez
Darron Giron  Brandi Wachtendorf
Kristen Hanson  Patryk Wlodarski
Larry Hunter  
William Kasemervisz  To Staff    
Kam Keiser  Norma Yeverino
Monica Lande  Geralynn Gosnell
David Maxwell  Judith Walters
Melissa Ratnala  Richard Miley
  Joan Winfrey
Technical Consultant  Guy Freshwater
Xiaozhuo(Sean) Yang  Brent Storey
Show-Yien(Show) Lee  Stuart Thom
Nai-Chung(Jesse) Wang  Jonathan White
Jin Yu  
  To Executive Assistant
Associate To Manager  Peggy McCurley
Jason Althaus  Tammie Schoppe
Cheryl Ingstad  
Ross Mesquita  To Administrative  Coordinator    
Leonardo Pacheco  Heather Choate    
      
To Administrative Assistant I  To Senior Clerk
Ali De Hoyos  Matthew Davies  
  Demonica Lipscomb    
To Senior Assistant  Mark Pilkington
Barbara Lewis  Daniela De Lisi
Sarah Knott  Tresea Parker    
Thais Hensch  Angela Barnett
 Laura Vargas

She will check with Dad and let you know?????  I don't quite get all of this 
either. 

Do you think that she might have been hoping that Dad would come up with a 
plan?  (Despite her comment that they were not "celebratory" about the 
occassion.)  Who knows...

Keep me posted - and please do me the favor of shaking me if I get like that 
too.  --Sally

Sally,

I talked to mother last night about the dinner idea---boy is she hard to
read on this--told her out idea about a dinner in town and that she might
want to invite cousins--told her we probably wanted to go ahead a reserve it
because June was a busy time---she said she'd talk to Dad and then let me
know!!!????!!!????

As an aside, Brigeda's school year will be extended a week--until 6/1
because of losing a week for the air quality testing--so am not sure if we
could have made the N.C. deal anyway....

If I get to be like Mom or Dad, smack me around, ok?

Cindy

I do know Jana.  She has worked in various positions within my group for 
years since she joined us in the analyst program.  She has not been the 
strongest player.  Her level of accuracy has not been what we would have 
liked in many of the roles that she has played for us (confirmations and 
settlements).  And despite feedback, she is one of those players that just 
has never quite viewed her performance level in the same light that we see 
it.  She currently supports trading operations for South America, reporting 
to Martha Stevens under Scott Mills.  Let me check with Scott on his thoughts 
about her current performance and on her in an HR role.  I will let you know 
what he thinks.  It may be to date that we just haven't had Jana in the right 
role for her.  If I remember correctly, she was originally a teacher who went 
back to school to get a business degree.  Very sweet, pleasant to work with 
and personable.  I will get back with you after I have talked with Scott, or 
I may have him leave you a message.   

Cindy Olson@ENRON
11/09/2000 10:05 AM
Sally, do you know Jana?????  Would you recommend her???
Jana Morse
11/09/2000 09:05 AM
Cindy,
I just wanted to thank you for you time, information, and encouragement 
yesterday.  Any guidance you can provide on how I should approach a career 
change to Human Resources is very welcome.

I've attached my resume for your review and consideration.  I look forward to 
hearing from you soon.

Thanks again,
Jana Morse x30972

FYI - Check my voice mail message that I left for you and call me when you 
can.  
Rick Buy
01/30/2001 11:01 AM
A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our 
procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate 
action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we 
have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard 
was going on there. 

We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there 
isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate 
action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. 
More to come.

Rick

Not sure that this reached you the first time.  My address was flawed.  

Just checked with Richmond Hill Inn in Asheville and they are open over 
Thanksgiving.  Not filled yet for that time period.  They are sending me a 
brochure.  Only potential draw back there is that most of their rooms have 
only king size beds and sleep two persons.  There are 2 rooms that have two 
beds, and two cottages that have sleeper sofas.  They do have baby beds.  
Families of 2 or 3 can be accomodated fine.  I would probably take two rooms, 
one for the girls and one for Tyler, David and me.  But we would probably do 
that in New York or San Francisco, too.  As we all know, five is almost too 
many in one room and bathroom.  

I think that dinner in Austin on June 2 and a trip at Thanksgiving sounds 
like a good plan.  Do you guys want to cover that with Mom and Dad and ask 
about the San Antonio/Sun City crowd?  

Hello, Sista -

Sally and I spoke this morning (I know you guys spoke last night as well) -
and here's the latest idea:

Since August, Sept., and Oct.  are pretty much impossible for a trip, how
about we schedule a trip - possibly to NYC or San Fran. - during
THanksgiving.  This seems ideal since we always get together anyway at that
time - and nobody will have to remove kids from school.  Sally thinks maybe
we could travel Tuesday - Saturday and avoid some of the Thanksgiving travel
MADNESS.  Also, it pushes the travel even further into the year, which may
help you.

Then, we can have a family dinner for Mom and Dad on June 2 somewhere in
Austin.  We can include Maryann and Fabe and San Antonio cousins IF mom and
dad would like that.

Thoughts?   -Cara

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

derick keeling <write2derick@yahoo.com> on 01/29/2001 01:18:47 PM
S. Beck,

Thank you for the invitation. Yes, I will be there for
the tour and dinner. I believe most of us will be
there.

Derick Keeling

--- Sally.Beck@enron.com wrote:
> (See attached file: OU Invitation.pps)

> ATTACHMENT part 2 application/octet-stream name=OU
Invitation.pps

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices.
http://auctions.yahoo.com/

mindi wright <mindi.l.wright-1@ou.edu> on 01/30/2001 08:50:18 AM
Ms. Beck,
    I'm sorry I have not responded, but I have been out of town.  I am have 
been unable to
open the invitation, however I will be attending.
Thank you,
Mindi Wright

Sally.Beck@enron.com wrote:

> (See attached file: OU Invitation.pps)
>
>   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
>                         Name: OU Invitation.pps
>    OU Invitation.pps    Type: Microsoft PowerPoint Show 
(application/vnd.ms-powerpoint)
>                     Encoding: base64

Just checked with Richmond Hill Inn in Asheville and they are open over 
Thanksgiving.  Not filled yet for that time period.  They are sending me a 
brochure.  Only potential draw back there is that most of their rooms have 
only king size beds and sleep two persons.  There are 2 rooms that have two 
beds, and two cottages that have sleeper sofas.  They do have baby beds.  
Families of 2 or 3 can be accomodated fine.  I would probably take two rooms, 
one for the girls and one for Tyler, David and me.  But we would probably do 
that in New York or San Francisco, too.  As we all know, five is almost too 
many in one room and bathroom.  

I think that dinner in Austin on June 2 and a trip at Thanksgiving sounds 
like a good plan.  Do you guys want to cover that with Mom and Dad and ask 
about the San Antonio/Sun City crowd?  

Hello, Sista -

Sally and I spoke this morning (I know you guys spoke last night as well) -
and here's the latest idea:

Since August, Sept., and Oct.  are pretty much impossible for a trip, how
about we schedule a trip - possibly to NYC or San Fran. - during
THanksgiving.  This seems ideal since we always get together anyway at that
time - and nobody will have to remove kids from school.  Sally thinks maybe
we could travel Tuesday - Saturday and avoid some of the Thanksgiving travel
MADNESS.  Also, it pushes the travel even further into the year, which may
help you.

Then, we can have a family dinner for Mom and Dad on June 2 somewhere in
Austin.  We can include Maryann and Fabe and San Antonio cousins IF mom and
dad would like that.

Thoughts?   -Cara

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

Dear Mrs. Beck,

Thank you very much for the invitation.
I'm excited to tour Enron field because even though I am from Houston, I have
yet to attend an Astro's game.  I look forward to attending, and I thank you
for supporting our Energy Management program at OU.

Sincerly,
Heather Pinkerton

Sally.Beck@enron.com wrote:

> (See attached file: OU Invitation.pps)
>
>   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
>                         Name: OU Invitation.pps
>    OU Invitation.pps    Type: POWERPNT File (application/pps)
>                     Encoding: base64

I hear that Dad was in the emergency room for some hours earlier this week.  
Glad to hear that it just seemed to be a virus.  Mom does seem to like that 
Heart Hospital...

Check out the website for the place in Asheville, NC that I mentioned to 
you.  Address is richmondhillinn.com - if I knew how to hotlink for you I 
would, but I am not the techie!!  We had dinner there one night while in 
Asheville and had a great meal and though that the place was pretty -  a lot 
better than the overpriced, under-delivered Grove Park Inn.  Our friends the 
Tylers spent several nights at the Richmond Inn that same summer.  It looks 
pretty good in the photos, and you can see the mountains!!

Only airlines that fly from here into Asheville are Delta and US Air.  
Continental flies to Greenville/Spartanville, SC which is about 60 to 70 
miles from Asheville - not impossible, given that we would want some cars.  

I will get info on prices and stuff for lodging and airfare - then we can 
decide if we want to show this to Mom and Dad as a possibility.  

Hope all is well with the three of you.  Are you making the trip to 
Halletsville on Saturday, assuming no rain out?  I am not going to make it - 
need a little r&r at home and to wash some clothes!!  Love, Sally 

Congratulations to you and Lanettte on the birth of Nicole Mackenzie.  What a 
pretty name!  I was in London last week and got the news while I was there.  

I hope that everyone in your household is doing well, although I know that 
you are probably a bit sleep deprived.  That will pass - although with your 
first one that is really hard to believe.  Please stop by as soon as you have 
pictures.  I would love to see them.  --Sally 

Melissa Allen, formerly with Arthur Andersen and assigned to the Enron 
account, has taken over Beth Apollo's role for EEL.  She reports to Fernley 
Dyson, as did Beth.

I was in the London office last week.  As a result of some of my discussions, 
Mike Jordan asked that James Scribner make a visit to cover the operations 
pricing model and to discuss some issues around global counterparty 
database.  Mike has suggested that James come to London during the first week 
in February, which sounds as if it will coincide with your trip.  Please 
coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential 
overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of 
coordination.  Since your agenda mentions GCP, there may some meetings that 
you are planning that would be appropriate for James to join.  By copy of 
this memo, I am asking James to do the same with you.  Thanks.  

   
	
	

Greetings Sally!  Thank you for taking the time to attend our presentation, I 
truly hope you found it informative.  I definitely have a better 
understanding of your concerns with Risk and we will work towards resolving 
some of them.  Hopefully I can report some positive results at our next 
presentation.

I have a trip planned for London the week of Feb. 5.  My initial topics 
include:

GCP - NG Several meetings scheduled with Brian Lindsey Hunter and Gail Hill 
to discuss User Acceptance Testing, Test Scripts, Resources and Schedules.  

Global Systems Facilities and Contracts - Discussions with Gail Hill, Matthew 
Allen and others as identified to discuss Scope, Timing, Resources and 
Regulatory requirements.

Livelink/iRIMS - Discussions with Paul Jones regarding Vendor support,, 
Security Standards (Requirements and Elaboration), differences in security 
between Livelink and iRIMS, Standards Committee, current project status, 
testing, release of new versions, change management control, enhancements and 
processes.

Steve Whittiker (Michael Jordan sometimes joins us) -  System initiatives 
London and Houston, MKM, Envision, Global Systems.

I would also like to meet with Beth Apollo's successor if possible.  
Hopefully you can tell me who that is.

Regards

Joel

FYI on VNG...
Geraldine Irvine

01/26/2001 11:43 AM
Attached is a memo from Mark Breese on the follow-up to the Jan. 25 VNG 
Meeting.

Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch tomorrow on details.  Hopefully 
Lexi will have resumes for you.  If not, let me know, and some of us who 
interviewed on campus may have them still.  --sally

----Original Message-----

Thanks for your note and welcome back to Enron.  I am so pleased that you 
have returned.  I, too, look forward to working with you.  --Sally 

Ryan Seleznov@ENRON
01/26/2001 10:28 AM
Sent by: Ryan Seleznov@ENRON
Sally, congratulations on your promotion! 

I am really looking forward to working with you and your team and have 
scheduled some time to visit with you on 2/5.

Ryan

And you and your bride haven't set Dallas as a honeymoon destination???? =
=20
Your excuse seems to be a good one.  We will miss your presence and=20
participation, however.  Enjoy the wedding!!--Sally=20

John Paskin
01/26/2001 01:55 AM
Marvia

Unfortunately I am unable to attend (I am getting married). =20

Apologies

John
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel i=
n=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=
=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete=
 a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=
=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20

I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desig=
n=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13t=
h=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called =
a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is compos=
ed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=
=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previous=
ly=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=
=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.

A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=
=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in th=
e=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=
=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=
=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=
=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to suppor=
t=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =
=20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods s=
o=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=
=20
these two days.

Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=
=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=
=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=
=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.

I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendanc=
e=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=
=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=
=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=
=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.

I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yo=
u=20
in Dallas!

Please mark your calendars for this reoccurring luncheon that Sally will be 
hosting:

Date: Every Monday (at least thru March), beginning Jan 29
Time: 11:30 - 1:00 PM
Location: EB 30C2
Lunch will be served.

FYI.  Forgot to cc: you on this.

PT
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel i=
n=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=
=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete=
 a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=
=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20

I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desig=
n=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13t=
h=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called =
a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is compos=
ed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=
=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previous=
ly=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=
=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.

A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=
=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in th=
e=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=
=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=
=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=
=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to suppor=
t=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =
=20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods s=
o=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=
=20
these two days.

Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=
=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=
=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=
=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.

I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendanc=
e=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=
=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=
=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=
=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.

I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yo=
u=20
in Dallas!

On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel i=
n=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=
=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete=
 a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=
=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20

I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desig=
n=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13t=
h=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called =
a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is compos=
ed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=
=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previous=
ly=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=
=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.

A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=
=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in th=
e=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=
=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=
=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=
=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to suppor=
t=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =
=20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods s=
o=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=
=20
these two days.

Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=
=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=
=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=
=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.

I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendanc=
e=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=
=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=
=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=
=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.

I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yo=
u=20
in Dallas!

Please put attendees on my calendar.  Thanks. 

	
	                           
	

Please note, the Project Doorstep meeting has been rescheduled to the 
following date and time:
 
Date:  Friday, February 2, 2001
Time:  9:00am - 10:00am
Place:  EB2868

Thanks,
AC Romero

	
	                           
	

A Project Doorstep with EAS meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, January 31st 
at 9:00am (3:00pm London time) in conference room EB-2831.  If you have any 
questions or require additional information, please call me my direct 
extension is 3-0402.

Meeting participants
David Port
Ted Murphy
Cassandra Schultz
Rick Buy
Tod Lindholm
Shawn Kilchrist
Sally Beck
Shona Wilson
__________________________________________

Lisa, 

Here is the conference room Poly-Com number for Ted, Rita mentioned he 
prefers to call in.  

Poly-com # 713-646-3638 

Thanks,
AC Romero 

Thanks for your note.  Sorry that all we managed last week was a wave.  My 
last trip to London was March of 2000, so I certainly had a very full 
agenda.  Mike Jordan kept my schedule very full, but productive, and even 
lunches and dinners were filled with business meetings.  

Do stop by when you are in the office next week.  I should be in town all 
week.  --Sally 

Amita Gosalia
01/23/2001 03:13 AM
Hi Sally

Congratulations on your promotion!

I was hoping to congratulate you in person while you were in London - but you 
seemed really busy.  Every time you walked through our area I was on the 
phone!

Hope to catch up with you next week when I visit Houston.

Best wishes 

Amita

Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 

Liz M Taylor
01/22/2001 05:43 PM
Sally,

Congratulations on the promotion to Managing Director!!!!!! VERY WELL 
deserved.  Continued success.

Liz Taylor

Thanks for the congratulations.  David of course is pleased about the 
promotion but is most anxious to see what dollars come along with it!  
Thanks, too, for your comments on the OpRisk session.  It is always a risk to 
pull together an audience of 90 and deliver something worthwhile.  --Sally 

   

First of all congratulations on your promotion, it is well deserved.  You are 
really in some rarefied air, since there seem to be very few Managing 
Directors.

I also would like to compliment you on putting together one of the best  2 
1/2  hour seminars / workshops that I have ever attended ( I know that is 
saying a mouthful).  The Operational Risk Meeting / Workshop was not only 
informative, but the constantly changing formats kept everyone's attention.   
I believe the meeting also caused a renewed enthusiasm among your supervisory 
personnel.  This is not only my observation, but the feeling of all of the 
people that I have talked to over the past few weeks. 

Once again, congrats.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

If my full e:mail address is not used, Steve Beck gets my e:mails.  He has 
forwarded this one.  Does it make sense to you?--Sally 
Jason Vansco <jason.vansco@travelpark.com> on 01/22/2001 11:53:10 AM
                                                   SALES AGT: CE/Y7NEYU

                                          BECK/SALLY
                                          SUITE 3015
                                          ETKT RECEIPT
  ENRON CORP

  DATE:  JAN 22 2001

MISCELLANEOUS         23MAY HOUSTON TX
                      WED   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP **

BECK/SALLY W  S5C0413R1055

*******************************************
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
ALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
*********************************************
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.

Thanks for making this time change.  

----Original Message-----

Peggy,

Is it the 4 Points or Eau Claire Sheraton?  I'm trying to book her a room for 
Tuesday evening.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

	Peggy Hedstrom
	01/20/2001 09:23 AM
	
We are set up for the meeting on Operational Risk on February 6th at 3:00 
pm.  We have a room booked at the Sheraton with a set up similar to the 
Houston meeting.  I have invited three people from the accounting department 
to attend as well.  Laura Scott, Cheryl Dawes, and Dave Hanslip will be the 
attendees from accounting.  Everyone is looking forward to meeting with you 
to discuss this issue.  So far, the weather is still mild.  Talk to you soon.
Peggy

During the budgeting process for 2001 I gave Dave Delainey an estimated cost 
savings for Energy Operations assuming the sale of HPL. Since this is clearly 
on the horizon, we need to take a close look at opportunities for cost 
savings and our estimated timing on those savings.  I will ask James by copy 
of this memo to set up a meeting late this week to cover this.  I want to be 
able to get back with Dave with more detailed estimates of cost savings.  

Audience for the report?  Is it you and Philippe, or will the report be 
distributed to all on your memo distribution list?  May make a difference in 
information provided.  

We can update you on progress toward commercialization of mid and back office 
operations in the report.  Would you also like some operating data - # of 
deals, bcf scheduled, etc.?  We can come up with a format and suggested 
content this week.  --Sally 

Louise Kitchen
01/22/2001 12:17 PM
I am asking Tammie to compile a Weekly Report (for delivery 8am Monday 
mornings) which is formatted as below.  Please make sure starting next week 
the information if received in adequate time.

Deals Signed
LOI Signed
NDAs signed
Earnings Report (from Kerry)
Individual Group general update (to include deals working plus other info)

Thanks

Louise

Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 

   
	
	

Wonderful news of your well deserved recognition.  Congratulations!  Steve.

This is some of the data that we need...
Beth Apollo
01/19/2001 10:31 AM
Sorry I missed you yesterday  -- I tried a couple of times to catch you, but 
you were always in a meeting.

I will see you on Monday the 29th.  If anything comes up next week, I can be 
reached at my new temporary home (mother in-laws)  713 520 0766

Also  -- I believe Fernley has passed the Merit raise part of this year end 
comp review over to you, so I thought I would give you the facts.

Base salary $165,000
Foreign Adjustment  $30,000     these two items will go away on Jan 28th  --- 
and I am left with the base salary
Car Allowance           $12000

total regular pay     $207,000

also  -- they have had me on a 2 year contract  (not sure if they do that in 
Houston, but I am willing)  which had some annual cash kickers)

We can discuss when I get there, but in case you need it next week, just 
thought it couldn't hurt.

Looking forward to a fresh start and new challenges.

see you soon

Beth

Can you get me info on the options with Dell?  I won't make it by to speak 
with them myself today.  Thanks. 
ClickAtHomePilot3@ENRON
01/19/2001 09:56 AM
Sent by: Kevin Whitehurst@ENRON
Last Day Dell Onsite for Pilot 3! 

Dell Computer: 
Dell will be here today from 8am - ?2:30pm to answer questions and take 
orders in room EB568 and EB560. ? 

Time Warner's Road Runner Broadband Service: 
Also here today are representatives from Time Warner's Road Runner Broadband 
Service to answer any questions and to check serviceability, also in EB568. 
?Ordering for Internet service is expected to begin the end of next week. 

Please remember PC ordering concludes on January 25th! ?Thanks again for the 
overwhelming response and interest. ? 

The ClickAtHome Team! 

Thanks for your note.  

Just wanted to send my congratulations.  I know that you really deserve this 
promotion.

Good Luck

Mary

Thanks, Sarah!  I was so focused on getting that in the mail that I obviously 
didn't proof the content very well.  Thanks for looking out for me!  --Sally 

Sally,
 I added league hours to your hours report for you as you attended all
patroness meetings (Oct and Nov) and the Holiday Tea.  I added 5 hours for
those meetings for a total 12 for this qtr. If it should be more, let me
know.  I wasn't there in Oct.  That makes your year to date league 33.5.
Thanks for  all your hard work with the girls.
Hours/Awards,
Sarah Marshall

Janine,

When  is Beth's last day in London?  I need that date before I can proceed.  
I think it might be today, but I need to confirm that before I have 
everything switched over.

Patti

Can you please let me know when Beth will have her new Houston log-in set up 
and what it will be so that I can have her emails and H://drive tranferred 
over?

Thanks
Janine

Janine,

I can handle that.   I will put in request today.

Patti x39106

Can you please let me know when Beth will have her new Houston log-in set up 
and what it will be so that I can have her emails and H://drive tranferred 
over?

Thanks
Janine

Thanks for your help.  This should work well, assuming Chris and Steve are 
available.  Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you tomorrow.  I will be in 
touch on details.  
---Original Message-----

The name of the restaurant that I liked for lunch was Christophers.  It is at 
Victoria Station, or in the lobby of what was or is a hotel at Victoria 
Station.  Quick walk from the office.  Apparently, there is another location 
at Covent Gardens.  

Dinner last night was fun.  It is always great to see you either in Houston 
or London.  Sorry that our goodbye was so abrupt.  I think that the taxi 
driver was afraid that we would get him killed!  I called home last night and 
told Amanda about our discussion on a day in Paris.  She is ready!!

Let us know when you will next be in Houston.  I should be here quarterly - 
probably head back in March or April.  --Sally 

Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on 
my calendar tentatively.  I got a message from Shona trying to schedule a 
trip to Mexico and she thought that the week of February 5th looked good.  I 
assume that she checked with you and that my calendar looked clear.  While I 
have not yet made a decision on attending the NY seminar, I do need to hold 
those dates.  I left Shona a message telling her that the week of February 19 
would be better.  --Sally 

Thanks.  This will definitely help me.  --Sally 

   

Sally, 
I just learned that the deadline for merit allocations has been extended by 
one more day to Tuesday the 23rd by 3 PM. 
hgm

Silly as it may seem, have Brian Heinrich dig up a copy of the form that we 
used last year for headcount addtions.  Let's complete those for these 
positions and have Fred and Scott Neal sign them.  They need to understand 
the addtional cost associated with these requests.  They will forget later in 
the year if they aren't making much money.  

Do you agree that these positions are needed and will add value?  --Sally   

Jeffrey C Gossett
01/18/2001 09:29 AM
Sally -

Fred would like me to hire an additional person to strictly focus on his 
deals across all commodities.  He says that his people don't have time to 
look at these reports.  Also,  Scott Neal wants 11 new physical books on the 
east region.  This will require at least two more risk people,  and probably 
two new OA people.  We told him that yesterday,  and he was fine with that.

Haven't had the chance to look at the UT presentation yet.  That will make 
good airplane material tomorrow.  If I make any changes I will try to fax 
pages to you after David picks me up at the airport tomorrow.  If I don't 
make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you 
know that.  My schedule has been really full here, but very productive.  

Thanks for your comments.,  I must admit, I am really excited about the 
promotion.  We can talk next week about what I hope to accomplish during this 
next year and where my major focus will be.  It will be helpful for you to 
know and understand that as we work together to make that happen.  I am 
certainly glad that you are here - my flight to London reminded me of your 
arrival about this time last year as I was heading to London.  Luckily a 
different reason for the trip this year, but still hectic.  I expect it to be 
a busy year.  

You will notice that I have blocked some times on my calendar to get reviews 
written and delivered.  Target is to be finished  by the end of January .  

I will talk with you on Friday afternoon and see you on Monday.  --Sally    

   

Sally,

Have you had a chance to look at UT presentation for Monday?  I will need to 
email final copy to Lexi by Monday morning (her flight is 2:00 PM) and she 
would like a cd for backup.  I can handle that.  She has supplied me with new 
dates for last page.  If you get a chance to review - just fax pages to me at 
713-345-8100.  If not, I can work on it monday morning.

Again, I am so happy for you.  It's such a BIG deal to be promoted to MD.  
Please share any thoughts you might have with me on how this affects my role 
as your assistant and what I can do to better assist you.  You know, this job 
that I have now with you is the job I have waited for all my life.  It is 
challenging, fast-paced, and has a lot of potential for growth.  You make me 
feel like I the work I am doing is important and valuable.   I have an 
enormous amount of respect for you as a person and of the work that you do 
and know that I am extremely lucky to have this job.  

Patti

Thanks for your note.  I will copy Patti on this reply and ask her to set us 
up for lunch when I am back from London.  --Sally 

Sally,
Congratulations!!  Very much deserved!
I hope everything else is going well.  Let's try to do lunch soon.
Kristin

Technology is wonderful - I can log on here in the London office just as I do 
in Houston.  I feel very in touch.  Sounds like you have been busy - I think 
that the variety of items for the Sunday meeting sounds good.   Thanks for 
taking care of all of this.  

London is cold but sunny - so very nice.  I do love coming here - hope to 
make the trip once a quarter this year.  I will be back at home by Friday 
evening, so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the 
meeting.  Otherwise I will see you on Sunday. 

Too bad that Nancy doesn't want the input from  the girls on presentation.  I 
think that taking likes and dislikes would be good - no commitment to make 
changes that the girls' might suggest, but I think that it would be wonderful 
to have their input.  They are the honorees.  Oh, well .....as you say, this 
is volunteer work and probably not worth getting too worked up over the whole 
thing.  --Sally 

Sally:? Hope all is well in London, it could not be more  "soupy", rainy or 
overcast than it has been here.? Sunday is shaping  up...Nancy at Elegant 
Accessories by Nancy has a presentation for us, but is  unable to give it due 
to market or show or something.? I will pick it up  from her and run through 
it on Sunday.? I am trying to get Debbie VanDyke  to do Habitat and the lady 
from Applause to come.? Have been working on  form for Nominations...The 
meeting is at Nancy Galante's house, I have spoken to  her about the girls 
listing favorite things from Sat. pm and she was (nicely)  opposed to that, 
as the girls really only get limited choices---oops.? She  did tell me, 
however, that three girls have already selected dresses...(are we  already 
behind?) and she will speak briefly on dresses and registration and ask  for 
questions.
At Mondays patroness meeting (which was pretty non-newsy), I  gave all Jr. 
moms a "heads-up"? that March meeting would be at dress  shop,or bridal shop, 
and that they would be invited, just for scheduling  purposes.
?
I have spoken with Barb Lindsey..a NCL member whose husband is  with Houston 
Police Dept.? He is realitivly cool, as far as a dad police  combo, but does 
have girl and boy twins in college, so he knows  teen-agers.? He is willing 
to talk to girls about what to do in case of  accident, when to leave your 
car, safety and so on...thought we could tie that  in with car maintenance 
meeting.
?
I will let you know as the Sunday plans progress, I am afraid  that this is 
going to be a "catch-all".? Know you are busy, no need to  respond, call 
Friday pm or Saturday if you have questions.
?
Linda

Thanks for your nice note.  It is always interesting to scan the list and do 
a count of other females names.  Were not too many on this latest list.  We 
will have to work on changing that.  --Sally 

Jean Mrha@ENRON
01/17/2001 11:59 AM
Sally,

Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is well deserved 
and most appropriate.  In addition,  it always warms my heart when I see a 
woman promoted to the highest rank in our company.  

Best regards, Jean

Draft report for tomorrow.  We have cleared the findings with Mike Jordan, 
Marcelo Parra, and Lou Colarusso, and will clear the report with them after 
we discuss it tomorrow.

Best regards

Please let me know if this is not what you wanted.

The flight was uneventful, although I didn't sleep very much.  Weather here 
is cold but clear, so I am enjoying it.  Very useful trip - they have my 
schedule very full, including dinners every night.  I will be in the office 
through end of day Thursday, and then dinner with Fernley Thursday night.  I 
will be in route to Houston on Friday - catching a 9:00am flight (told the 
kids that I would be at the airport at 2:00 am Houston time to start back 
home).  

We are not going to follow the Kean/Olson memo on communicating ratings.  We 
will only communicate Needs Improvement and Issues.  There will be differing 
messages for needs improvement which fit the situation - some need to hear 
that they are not performing at a high enough level relative to peers to help 
us achieve business goals or for them to considered for a bonus (may need to 
find another role within or outside Enron which is a better fit).  Message to 
someone new to Enron in that category should be different.  Glad they are 
here; believe that as they learn the organization and their job that they 
will be able to make significant contributions; doing the right thing to 
learn the business, but that contributions to date are not significant enough 
to warrant payment of a bonus...

Thanks for getting everyone on the same page on this.  --Sally 

Bob M Hall@ENRON
01/16/2001 05:37 PM
Hope you had a good flight to London and that the trip is going well.

Just a quick question about communication of rankings.  ARE WE????

Hector seems to think not, yet the memo from Steve and Cindy says something
about sat and needs improvement.

Just let me and I'll make sure we are all on the same page.

thanks

bob

This will work well, assuming Steve and Chris are available.  Hopefully, Lexi 
will have their resumes for you tomorrow.   Thanks for your help.  I will be 
in touch on details.    

----Original Message-----

I assume that this request relates to corporate functions under Rick.  As of 
this moment, my team and I have not yet been granted access to merit 
information in the comp system.  I am in London this week, but have been in 
touch with my HR rep each day.  Latest word is that he aniticipates that we 
will be able to access merit worksheets sometime today.  Our deadline to 
submit merit increases is Monday, January 22.  SInce it is already after 
lunch on Wednesday here in London and we do not yet have access to the 
system, it is likely that my direct reports will work on merits over the next 
two days.  Since I will be in the air on Friday, it will be Monday before I 
have the opportunity to review all inputs from my direct reports and finalize 
merits.  --Sally 

Melissa Becker@ENRON
01/16/2001 03:34 PM
Rick has asked that I help him ensure that we all finish up our merit 
increases in time for the new deadline of this Friday, January 19.

1.  Could you please "submit" by the end of the day tomorrow, Wednesday, 
January 17?  Then Rick and I can review and get back with you with any 
changes.  

2.  If you could leave me a voice mail or eMail when you are finished, I 
would appreciate it.  I am moving back to the Enron building and will get 
back my old number (X36641) effective tomorrow.

3.  In addition, we are interested in your thoughts on the merit process 
overall, both for yourself and for your groups.  In general, it seems like a 
lot of "administration" for some pretty small numbers.  What are your 
thoughts - do you like the current process or would less frequent, larger 
increases be preferable (assuming we could make that change in the larger 
overall Enron framework)?

Please call me or Andrea Yowman (x31477) with any questions.  Thanks for your 
help!

I am in the London office this week, so I won't be able to attend.  

01/16/2001 04:40 PM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
01/16/2001 04:40 PM
01/16/2001 04:40 PM
Happy Hour

Please join us for a CommodityLogic Off-site January 17th at Kenneally's 
begining at 6:00pm.
We will be welcoming all the new additions to the team and saying farewell to 
those who have moved off to other projects.  Please plan on attending.  If 
you have any questions, please contact Maria x35586 or Brenda x31914.

See you there! 

Congratulations on the baby - August seems like  a long time away, but given 
how quickly time passes at Enron, you will be there before you know it.  I 
would be glad to visit with you about other opportunities at Enron sometime.  
I am in the London office this week, but will be back in the office the week 
of the 22nd.  Give Patti a call if you would like to get together and visit 
about options.  --Sally 

   
	
	

Things are going well...My wife and I are expecting in early August.  Other 
than that I've been busy with my RAC Compliance duties.  I haven't started 
yet, but I am interested in exploring other career opportunities at Enron.  
Any ideas?

Hopefully, those guys would stand out in the Woodlands like a sore thumb and 
would choose to go elsewhere.  Would be nice to have them behind bars, 
however. Doesn't make George W.'s record on executions look like such a bad 
idea, does it?  

I left Houston on Sunday afternoon.  Any new news on those 7?  --Sally 

	Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
	01/16/2001 12:53 PM
	
Nope - we're fine. Thanks.

The only thing we need is for the Texas police to catch the inmates on the 
run - that's making Jo pretty nervous.

B.

	Sally Beck@ECT
	01/16/01 12:46 PM
		
Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home.  I appreciate 
your nice thoughts.  

I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could 
bring back for you?  Just let me know.  I will be back in the office next 
Monday, the 22nd.  --Sally 

	Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
	01/13/2001 11:38 AM
	
Congrats Sal - very very well deserved.

You are a top class colleague.

Barry.

For now, have her boxes delivered to the spot behind your desk.  I sent Wes a 
message and copied you on that.  I can't remember the name of the person who 
works for Wes that handles moves.   Lisa filled in for her while she was out 
on medical leave.  She is back.  Can you get with her right away and see what 
you can come up with?  Best situation would be for Beth to sit near me.  

Also, Bob Hall has someone who is coordinating space needs for us now that 
Lisa is gone.  Can you check with her, too?  

Also, Jeff Shankman called me last week to ask how we could speed up our 
(Energy Ops) move off of 30.  I don't know who is left on 30.  Can you get 
the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 
so that I can get back with Jeff this week?  Thanks. --Sally 

   

Sally,

Beth's assistant is wanting to know where Beth will be sitting - where they 
are to ship her boxes.  Any ideas or anything you want me to do regarding 
this?

PT
Hi Patti,

This will probably be the first of many emails in the next couple of weeks.

Do you have a location as to where Beth will be sitting over there?  We'll be 
packing up her boxes soon to ship over and for future post etc.

Also, she will need a new extension number.  She would most definately prefer 
an 853 number and if you can use her VP status to help her get one if they 
refuse (her words) then that would be great.  Her old number was 853-5521 
although someone else may have that now.

Thank you for your help.  It is very much appreciated.

Janine

Any room at the inn?  I am looking for a spot for Beth Apollo.  She will be 
working with me, starting on January 29th in Houston.  --Sally 

I am in London this week, but if you have any ideas Patti can follow through 
while I am out.  

Sally,

Beth's assistant is wanting to know where Beth will be sitting - where they 
are to ship her boxes.  Any ideas or anything you want me to do regarding 
this?

PT
Hi Patti,

This will probably be the first of many emails in the next couple of weeks.

Do you have a location as to where Beth will be sitting over there?  We'll be 
packing up her boxes soon to ship over and for future post etc.

Also, she will need a new extension number.  She would most definately prefer 
an 853 number and if you can use her VP status to help her get one if they 
refuse (her words) then that would be great.  Her old number was 853-5521 
although someone else may have that now.

Thank you for your help.  It is very much appreciated.

Janine

Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home.  I appreciate 
your nice thoughts.  

I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could 
bring back for you?  Just let me know.  I will be back in the office next 
Monday, the 22nd.  --Sally 

	Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
	01/13/2001 11:38 AM
	
Congrats Sal - very very well deserved.

You are a top class colleague.

Barry.

Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that everyone in the group sees this as a 
recognition of the value of the role that we play within Enron.  That will 
help us in attracting and retaining talented people, which makes my job 
easier and more fun.  --Sally 

Susan Harrison
01/16/2001 12:14 PM
Congratulations on your promotion!  I'm very happy for you.  It's good to see 
the recognition for leadership in commercial support roles.

Regards,

Susan

I have reviewed my section of Causey's presentation ( to be given by Brenda) 
and all looks fine except for page with world map.  Can we add Portland to 
the map?  That is the true trading location that is missing.  If it is tough 
to do, don't worry about it.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Thanks for your nice note.  I have fun being here, which makes all of this 
even better!  --Sally 

Sally

Congrats on your promotion to MD.  If anyone around this place deserves it, 
it's you!!  Hope all is well.

I am so sorry about the fire.  That must be awful -- but I am so glad that no 
one was hurt.  I had not heard about it until Mo called me today.  Please let 
me know if there is anything that I can do.  Do you need me to get you 
anything over here and ship it to London?  

I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next 
week.  I know that you must have hundreds of details to handle.  

My plan right now is to be off the week of Thanksgiving.   My nanny will be 
on vacation that whole week so that she can make a trip out of town.  I may 
do some work early in the week, but likely from home.  The week after 
Thanksgiving I am supposed go to Wellesley College (Boston area) to interview 
for the analyst program.  I am due at a reception on Monday night (November 
27) and I will interview on Tuesday (November 28).  Assuming that I can get a 
flight back on Tuesday night, I will be in the office here in Houston 
Wednesday through Friday that week.  Would that work?  Sorry I am out so much 
in the next few weeks.  Just let me know.  --Sally 

Please check on those marked below

   

Sally,

Here are some places I can check:

Solero  *
Lancaster Grill
Sambuca
Tosca's   *
Post Oak Grill   *
Angelika Cafe & Bar

Let me know if any of these are not an option or if you have any other ideas.

PT

Thanks for doing this.  I plan to come to London once a quarter.  I will have 
to choose my dates well in advance since these flights seem to be so full!  
--Sally 

   

Done.  New seat number:  10A

PT

   

Let's try the last row window seat.  Thanks.  

   

Sally,

Per Catherine at Travel Agency in the Park, bulkhead seats were all that were 
available when she booked flight 3 or 4 weeks ago.  Says those particular 
flights have gotten quite popular lately.  Only other option for return:

Same isle (E)
 - Row 8 (also bulkhead, but maybe not as noisy)
 - Last row window seat (doesn't recline as much as other seats)

If you like either of these better that existing seat, let me know & I change 
it.

PT

Thanks - a nice start to the year.  --Sally 

James Scribner@ENRON
01/16/2001 11:35 AM
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!

Thanks for your nice note.  I certainly follow your career with interest.  

I have been meaning to call to tell you how much we enjoyed getting the 
wedding picture with your Christmas card.  What a great picture - you look 
beautiful and happy.  Meagan and Amanda particularly enjoyed seeing it.  My 
best laid plans for Christmas cards became a limited vision this year - only  
managed to get them in the mail to people outside of Houston.  Maybe next 
year...

I am in your old stomping grounds this week -- London.  I will see Mo 
tomorrow night for dinner and to catch up on her life.  

See you next week!  --Sally 

Thanks for your note on the promotion.  This was definitely a goal and is 
very rewarding to get there.  

I would love to talk with you about your second rotation.  In fact, I 
mentioned you to Jesus Melendrez just last week.  He works with John Thompson 
and Scott Josey in the upstream capital markets group (producer finance).  I 
filled him in on the Energy Management degree and told him that I thought 
that his group should talk with you about a possible rotation.  

I am in the London office this week.  Call Patti and ask her to schedule  a 
time for us to get together next week when I am back in the office to talk 
about rotations.   I will look forward to it. 

Definitely put January 31 on your calendar for a tour of Enron Field and 
dinner (someplace downtown with heat -- any suggestions?).  Patti is working 
on some of the details this week for us to host Ted Jacobs and about 14 of 
his students while they are in town for NAPE.  --Sally  

   
	
	

Sally,

Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is always 
encouraging to see dedication and strong leadership recognized.
Your success here at Enron certainly provides a great example for individuals 
beginning their professional careers.  I certainly appreciate
the interest  and guidance you have provided in my career at Enron.

As you know, I am approaching the end of my rotation in Texas Risk.  As I 
began the search for my next rotation I would like to start by
leaning on your insight and advice.  I have gained valuable knowledge while 
serving in Texas Risk,  but I do not believe that trading is the direction
I want to take.  I know that your schedule is ever tight, but I would like to 
discuss potential rotations at your convenience.

Thanks,
Jody

Let's try the last row window seat.  Thanks.  

   

Sally,

Per Catherine at Travel Agency in the Park, bulkhead seats were all that were 
available when she booked flight 3 or 4 weeks ago.  Says those particular 
flights have gotten quite popular lately.  Only other option for return:

Same isle (E)
 - Row 8 (also bulkhead, but maybe not as noisy)
 - Last row window seat (doesn't recline as much as other seats)

If you like either of these better that existing seat, let me know & I change 
it.

PT

Thanks for your note on the promotion.  

Patti is beginning to work on details for the 1/31 tour of Enron Field and 
dinner for Ted and his students from OU.  She should contact you for a list 
of recent OU grads so that we can get the invitation list together.  I hope 
that you have that date on your calendar!   I will ask MIke McConnell if he 
would like to join us, too.  

Michelle:  This is a stab at something to include in the newsletter.  Will 
you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary?  I am in the London office 
this week, so e:mail is probably the best way to get in touch with me.  
Thanks.  --Sally Beck 

Operational Risk Management was the topic of an information session held last 
week for all managers, directors, senior directors and vice presidents in ENW 
supporting trading operations for EA, EIM and EGM in Houston, Portland and 
Calgary.  Operations professionals who manage risk book reporting and 
anaylsis, confirmations, physical product scheduling and cash management 
reaffirmed their roles in effectively accessing, managing and mitigating 
operational risk.  This focus on operational risk management  will ensure the 
quality of EWS' earnings and support a platform for continuing growth across 
all commodities in 2001.      

Thanks for you nice note.  I miss seeing you on 33.  Hope that all is going 
well for you.  --Sally 

	Susan Skarness
	01/16/2001 09:07 AM
	
Congratulations on your promotion to MD Sally!  That is wonderful and well 
deserved.

Susan

Thanks for your nice note.  I do hope that everyone on my team sees the 
promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform.  All that 
should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job 
easier and more fun!  

I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back 
in the office next Monday.  Have a good week.  ---Sally 

Thomas D Gros@ENRON
01/16/2001 08:38 AM
Congratulations on your promotion to MD!  

In addition to being a great personal achievement,  your promotion helps to 
raise the awareness of the importance of the tasks performed by you and your 
team.  

I look forward to speaking with you upon your return from Europe.

All the best,

Tom

It's late and I am out of paper.  Please print message and attachment for me 
for Tuesday morning.  Thanks. 
Bob Bowen
10/30/2000 09:59 AM
I have attached the e-mail that Ron Nolte sent to the Deal Clearing user 
community regarding the meeting
that is scheduled for November 16-17.   Please note that this is a meeting 
organized by the IT community, not
the user community.

As you may remember, Stephen Schwarz organized a similar meeting last fall in 
order to provide the IT group
with an agenda of what projects the user community considered to be priority 
projects.  However, the arrival of
EOL greatly altered the IT resources available to concentrate on those 
priority projects.  Today, the deal 
clearing community is struggling to get IT resources due to new systems such 
as ClickPaper.com, Commodity
Logic, project Thunderball  and a new weather capture and confirmation 
system.  This has created some internal 
conflict since each user group supported by the IT deal clearing applications 
group is requesting that their projects 
be set as the top priority project.  

This is a quick outline of the challenges facing both the deal clearing user 
community and the IT group supporting
this group.  I would be happy to discuss any questions you have about either 
the meeting or these challenges.

   
Ron Nolte
10/19/2000 05:17 PM
The  emergence of web trading has important implications for deal clearing.  
Meetings are scheduled for November 16-17 to discuss
these implications and to come to a consensus on a strategic solution for 
deal clearing.  

Please plan to attend or designate someone who can represent you.

Attached please find a tentative schedule for the meetings.

Additional information will follow.

Please feel free to address any questions you might have  regarding these 
meetings to  Sarita Das ( 713 345-8232 ) or Ron Nolte ( 713 853-7569 ).

Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 

   
	
	

Congrats on a well deserved promotion.

Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that within my team that they see the 
promotion as an indication that the work that we do is recognized as 
meaningful.  All of that helps me in recruiting and retaining talented people 
that make my job easier and more fun!  

Patricia A Lee@EES
01/16/2001 08:11 AM
Sally,

I just saw the announcement and wanted to offer my comgratualtions.  I think 
that's great.  I have always admired your leadership and clear thinking.  I'm 
glad Enron recognizes your contributions.

Patty

Thanks for your nice note.  Haven't seen you in a while - hope that all is 
going well for you.  --Sally 

   
	
	

Congratulations on your latest achievement!  It's great that you are 
recognized for all your hard work and dedication.  

Sincerely  rl

Thanks for your note.  I hope that things are going well for you at EBS.  I 
know that it must be busy.  --Sally 

Richard Weeks@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/16/2001 08:04 AM
Sally:
Long time no see.

Wanted to congratulate you on your recent promotion.  Way to go.

Richard Weeks
ENRON BROADBAND SERVICES
PURCHASING PROCESSING MANAGER
OFFICE:713-853-6995
   CELL:713-516-2581
EMAIL:RICHARD_WEEKS@ENRON.NET

Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  What a nice recognition 
of your contributions to the success of EnronOnline.  --Sally 

Had trouble finding your e:mail address the first time around for this memo.  

I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been 
able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday 
for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for 
merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our 
instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my 
direct reports access to the system so that they can input their 
recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions 
and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would 
like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this 
process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market 
data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but 
will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have 
to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for 
exceptions on everything!!!

What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted?  
Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where 
you can reach me.  Thanks.  

I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been 
able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday 
for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for 
merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our 
instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my 
direct reports access to the system so that they can input their 
recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions 
and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would 
like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this 
process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market 
data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but 
will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have 
to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for 
exceptions on everything!!!

What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted?  
Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where 
you can reach me.  Thanks.  

Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that you are having fun in your new role.  
We will have to schedule lunch so that I can catch up on what you are doing 
now.  --Sally 

Jordan Mintz
01/15/2001 04:12 PM
Sally: Just a short note to congratulate you on your well-deserved promotion. 
I always thought you had the toughest job in the Company; I guess everybody 
else finally caught on!

Jordan

Thanks for your nice note.  I am pleased for all of us at the increased 
recognition of the roles that we play within the organizaiton.  My ability to 
do my job well is very dependent on those of you who play key roles in 
operations.  Thanks for your part in that and for your continued support.  
--Sally 

   

	

Sally,

I am so excited for you and your promotion.  I have had the privilege to see 
the impact you have made on this organization, and I am very glad to see you 
get the rewards you well deserve.  You simply amaze me, and I have such a 
tremendous amount of respect for you and your contributions and values.

CONGRATULATIONS!!!

Brenda

Thanks for your note.  Yes, this definitely starts the year off nicely.  Hope 
your holidays were wonderful and that 2001 is a good year for you and your 
family, too.  --Sally 

Enjoy the trip.  Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation 
on Captiva Island.  

Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week.  It 
will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff.  Yes, the bed and 
changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue (not bright) trim 
on the bed and maple only on the changing table.  Our bedding could probably 
go either way, boy or girl.  If I remember correctly, the bumpers are red 
ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue 
chambray and red bandana trim.  It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a 
look when you are here.  We also have a beautiful cradle (with bedding) for 
you to look at and a great baby swing.  As the baby gets older, we also have 
an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers.  

I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies (yes, she does those, 
too!), as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items 
in them.  

Yes, good news on Dad.  I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication 
will kick in and he will see some improvement.  It is highly likely that the 
infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had.  It is just 
great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started.  I think 
that he dodged a bullet on this one.  

We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving.  No big plans 
yet.  I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night.  I 
have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November 
birthdays that evening.  Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday 
so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day (always a great 
day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving!).  I 
will have the whole week off from work.  The kids are off starting on 
Wednesday.  It is possible that on Friday, David, Amanda and Tyler may drive 
to Longview to have a visit with his mom and family.  If you can stay, we 
could really plan something fun if I an partially childless!!

Hello!   I'm off to the seashelling capital of the world . . .

Here's my travel itinerary should anyone need to reach me:

Going:
Wednesday, Nov. 8
Delta 1258 to Atlanta - leave 9:15 A.M.
Delta 1920 to Ft. Myers,  Florida
arrive florida 3:35 P.M.

Return:
Sunday, Nov. 12
Delta 1677 to Atlanta
Delta 4741 to Austin
arrive Austin 6:30 P.M.

Staying at Sanibel Harbour Resort & Spa in Ft. Myers, Fla
941-466-4000
I won't have my cell phone with me, so if you need to reach me, leave a
message for me.   My roommate, should they not be able to locate my name, is
Laura Suarez.   We're all with the loud and overly-extroverted USTA group.

Should you need to reach Chris, call his work no. at 477-8787 and they will
be able to tell you how he can be reached in Singapore.    Wanna call Erica?
She's having her last hurrah at the farm - so I wouldn't disturb her if you
know what's good for you.

Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com

Patti:  Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood. =20

Tom:  The good (or bad) news was that I was here late enough to see the mem=
o=20
come out on e:mail Friday night.  Most will see this on Tuesday after the=
=20
holiday.  I did get a few calls tonight from a hardy few that were still he=
re=20
in the office.  I will call you when I am back from London.  Thanks for all=
=20
of your help this week on the two meetings.  --Sally=20
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@ENRON
The Managing Director PRC Committee met this week to elect individuals to=
=20
Managing Director and Vice President positions.  These employees are=20
recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization, whose individua=
l=20
efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the=
=20
company.  We are pleased to announce the election of the following new=20
Managing Directors and Vice Presidents.  Please join us in congratulating=
=20
these individuals on their new appointments.

Managing Director =01) Commercial

Phillip K. Allen, ENA (EWS) West Gas Trading - Houston
Franklin R. Bay, EBS Entertainment on Demand - Houston
Timothy N. Belden, ENA (EWS) =01) West Power Trading - Portland
Michael R. Brown, EEL =01) Executive - London
Christopher F. Calger, ENA (EWS) West Power Origination - Portland
Joseph M. Deffner, ENA (EWS) Treasury & Funding - Houston
Timothy J. Detmering, ENA (EWS) Corporate Development - Houston
William D. Duran, ENA (EWS) Generation Investments - Houston
Robert S. Gahn, EES Commodity Structuring - Houston
Kevin C. Garland, EBS Broadband Ventures - Houston
Ben F. Glisan, Jr., Corporate =01) Global Equity Markets - Houston
Robert E. Hayes, ETS COMM Marketing - Houston
Phillip R. Milnthorp, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination & Trading - Calgary

Managing Director =01) Commercial Support

Sally W. Beck, ENW (EWS) Energy Operations Management - Houston
Fernley Dyson, EEL Finance & Support Services - London

Vice President =01) Commercial

Gregory Adams, EES MMC Management - Houston
Robert Bayley, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Jack D. Boatman, ETS Market Development =01) Houston
Rhenn Cherry, EES Assets/Labor =01) Houston
Niamh Clarke, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Peter Crilly, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Derek J. Davies, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Calgary
Mark D. Davis, Jr., ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
Charles Delacey, Corporate Finance =01) Houston
Paul Devries, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Toronto
Christopher H. Foster, ENA (EWS) West Power Trading =01) Portland
Jeffrey F. Golden, EES Corporate Development =01) Houston
Michael D. Grigsby, ENA West Gas Trading Group - Houston
Troy A. Henry, EES Bundled Sales-Heavy Industrial =01) Houston
Rogers Herndon, ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
James W. Lewis, EES Underwriting =01) Houston
Christopher Mahoney, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Andrew Marsden, EBS Broadband Ventures =01) London
John McClain, EBS Broadband Wholesale Origination =01) Houston
Kevin J. McGowan, EGM (EWS) American Coal =01) Houston
Albert E. McMichael, Jr., ENA (EWS) Gas Commodity Structuring =01) Houston
Ermes I. Melinchon, Central America Origination =01) Houston
Steven R. Meyers, EES Consumption =01) Houston
Lloyd D. Miller, ENA (EWS) Portfolio Management =01) Houston
Michael A. Miller, Wind Development / Execution-General Administration =01)=
=20
Houston
Marcello Romano, EBS EEL-Broadband Trading =01) London
David A. Samuels, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline - Houston
Per A. Sekse, EGM (EWS) Global Risk Markets =01) New York
Edward S. Smida, EBS Video on Demand =01) Houston
Mark Tawney, EGM (EWS) Weather Trading =01) Houston
Jon Thomsen, EBS Business Development =01) Latin America/Canada =01) Portla=
nd
Barry L. Tycholiz, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination - Houston
Frank W. Vickers, ENA (EWS) East Gas Origination =01) Houston
Amit Walia, Corporate, Corporate Development =01) Houston
William White, EBS Global Bandwidth Risk Mgmt =01) Houston
Jonathan Whitehead, EEL EA Trading =01) Japan
Mark Whitt, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination =01) Denver
John A. Zufferli, ENA (EWS) Canada Power Trading - Calgary

Vice President =01) Commercial Support

Beth Apollo, EEL Financial Operations Executive =01) London
Marla Barnard, EBS Human Resources =01) Houston
Karen L. Denne, Corporate, Public Relations =01) Houston
Georganne M. Hodges, ENA (EWS) Trading, Origination & Power Plant Accountin=
g=20
=01) Houston
Phillip Lord, EEL Transaction Support =01) London
Peggy Mahoney, EES Marketing =01) Communication =01) Houston
Steven Montovano, Corporate, Government & Regulatory Affairs =01) Dublin
Laura Scott, ENA (EWS) Canada Accounting =01) Calgary
Richard C. Sherman, ENA (EWS) Transaction Support =01) Houston
Gregory W. Stubblefield, EES Financial Planning & Reporting =01) Houston
Dennis D. Vegas, CALME International Public Relations =01) Houston

Vice President =01) Specialized Technical=20

Sami Arap Sobrinho, ESA (EWS) Legal =01) Houston
Merat Bagha, EBS Sales Engineering =01) Houston
Justin Boyd, EEL Legal =01) London
Mary Nell Browning, EBS Legal =01) London
Jonathan Chapman, EEL Legal =01) London
Robert D. Eickenroht, Corporate, Legal =01) Houston
Mark Evans, EEL Legal =01) London
David Forster, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline =01) Houston
Janine Juggins, EEL Tax =01) London
Peter C. Keohane, ENA (EWS) Canada Legal =01) Calgary
Pinnamaneni V. Krishnarao, ENA (EWS) Research Group =01) Houston
Travis C. McCullough, ENA (EWS) Finance Origination, Mergers/Acquisitions =
=01)=20
Houston
Michael Popkin, ESA (EWS) SA- Risk Management/Network Integration =01) Hous=
ton
Elizabeth A. Sager, ENA (EWS) Physical Trading =01) Houston
Richard B. Sanders, ENA (EWS) Litigation =01) Houston
John W. Schwartzenburg, EECC Legal =01) Houston
Michael D. Smith, EES Legal =01) Houston
Marcus Vonbock Und Polach, EEL Legal =01) London
Jay C. Webb, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline Systems =01) Houston

Vice President =01) Technical

Donald R. Hawkins, ETS Quality Management =01) Houston
John R. Keller, ETS Engineering & Construction =01) Houston

The promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to 
mention it when we talked this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion 
to managing director!  --Sally 

The promotional memo came out a couple of hours too late for me to be able to 
mention it to you on the phone this afternoon.  Congratulations on your 
promotion to Managing Director.  --Sally 

Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  I have the dubious 
honor of being here late enough on Friday night to have seen the arrival of 
the promotional memo via e:mail.  I will be in the London office next week 
and I believe that we have some time scheduled together.  I look forward to 
the chance to visit with you then.  --Sally 

Just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I will be in the London 
office during the week of January 15.  I will arrive just after lunch on 
Monday and plan to be there through Thursday.  Much of my time will be spent 
with Fernley and Mike Jordan.  

If you have a few minutes while I am in town, it would be great to get with 
you to hear if there is anything that is of particular concern or interest to 
you in supporting the continuing growth of your business in 2001.  I will 
stop by while I am in the office.  --Sally  

Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  Well deserved, and a 
nice recognition of your contributions to the success of the Calgary office.  
--Sally 

Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President!  Well deserved and a 
nice way to cap off your stay in London.  I look forward to celebrating with 
you in London next week.  --Sally 

I will be working in the London office Monday through Thursday, January 15 - 
18 and will be be flying back to Houston on Friday, January 19.  My 
assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), has a contact numbers for me in London.  
I will be checking voice mail and e:mail regularly while I am there.  

Key contacts in Houston next week will be:

DPR and MPR   Shona Wilson   x39123

Gas Operations   Jeff Gossett    x37306 (in Chicago office Jan. 16 & 17) 
     Bob Hall    x36956

Power Operations  Stacey White   x31870
     Leslie Reeves   x37962

Cathy:  I will be working in the London office during the week of January 15, 
so I will not be at the staff meeting on January 16.  --Sally 

Just a reminder that the next EGM weekly staff meeting will take place on 
Tuesday, January 16th, from 8:30 - 9:30 a.m., in video conference room EB 
30C1.  Due to the company holiday in observance of Martin Luther King day on 
Monday, January 15th, the staff meeting has changed dates and locations for 
next week only.  The staff meetings will resume their regular schedule on 
Monday, January 22nd, in EB 32C2, and will continue on a weekly basis on 
every Monday at the same time and location unless notified otherwise.  The 
schedule for the next two weeks is as follows:

 Tuesday, January 16th 8:30 - 9:30 a.m.  EB 30C1
 Monday, January 22nd  8:30 - 9:30 a.m.  EB 32C2

Please let me know if you will be unable to attend the meeting on Tuesday, 
January 16th.  Thank you.

Cathy Phillips
X-36898

I don't think that the doorstep reviews are the right venue for this.  I 
believe that to address what seems to be David's concerns would be better 
handled with an appropriate person deemed to lead a special project in a 
directed timeframe with a well defined scope.  We purposefully utilize 
differing personal on the doorstep reviews and it would seem that concerns 
over proper valuation should be addresses in a timeframe that is not 
dependent on the schedule of doorstep reviews around the world.  

   

	
	                           
	

Whatever we need to do, we should do.

Shona Wilson
01/12/2001 12:26 PM
Doorstep is a joint MRM RAC and Energy Ops review process.  If we want to 
include a full review of all the mtm methodologies we need to start building 
this into the doorsteps by ensuring that the RAC person attending the 
doorstep has the relevant experience to perform this review and that the time 
scheduled to do the review is adequate.

I am getting a strong sense that there are many holes, patches and 
workarounds in the upstream risk systems, relating to their ability to 
reflect accurately the valuation, and the risk attached to the products that 
get traded.

I would like to use the doorstep process and the risk review process to 
establish precisely what those holes are, if we don't already know. Here is 
an example:

 "All of our systems value options at-the-money, regardless of moneyness." 
True or False ?

Can you please include this concept in those exercises. The aim is, at least 
by the end of Q1 we can put our hands on a summary of everything.

Thanks
DP

Mark Frevert has reviewed the attached addition to the upcoming 
organizational memo and has asked that I forward it to you to be included.  
This would be included in the section under Commercial Support, added as an 
additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and 
Reporting (I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft 
memo).  

Please call me at x35926 if you have any questions.  

Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for 
the students.  Call Ted if any problems.  Thanks. We will need this to send 
invitations to students and Ted (plus some Enron folks) to a tour of Enron 
Field and dinner on January 31.  Let's talk about arranging details.  thanks. 
Sally,

I forgot to attach the list of students coming to NAPE.

Let me know if you have trouble opening it.

Have a good weekend.

Ted K. Jacobs
Director of Energy Management
The University of Oklahoma
307 West Brooks Room 218
Norman, OK 73019-4007
(405) 325-0758
(405) 325-2096 fax
E-mail: tjacobs@ou.edu
Website: www.ou.edu/business/em

 - C.DTF

Leslie:  Can you attend this meeting for me?  I will be in London. 

Patti:  Can you get time and location for Leslie and let them know that she 
will be there instead of me?  Thanks. 

Attached is the agenda for the SAP Optimization Kick-Off meeting.  The 
following handouts will be provided at the meeting:

ISC Organization Chart 
ISC Solution Manager Bios
Template for business area 2001 SAP goals
Revised SLA
Copy of Remedy Report 
Copy of Maximize Dashboard
Customer Relations presentation

Please feel free to contact Rich Priska (x56069) or me with any questions.  
Please RSVP to Margarite Cunningham (x56130).

Thank you,
Rebecca 
x56364

  

Yes, just call Wanda and let her know that Rick has asked that we add EES 
Houston to the Doorstep review schedule.  In keeping with other reviews, I 
would not necessarily give Wanda the dates.  We should also send a short memo 
to Kevin and Marty to fill them in on the process and purpose of the 
reviews.  I should probably send that to them.  Can you remind me when I am 
back in town the week of January 22?  Thanks.   

   

Dear Sally,

Would you like me to get together with Wanda and determine how to break this 
news?

Thanks

Richard Causey
01/10/2001 05:45 PM
Absolutely.  We may need to let Kevin Hannon and Marty Sunde know this in 
advance.

   
	
	

Dear Rick & Rick,

Encompassed in the Doorstep schedule given to you during our last meeting 
were scheduled reviews for London and Houston EES offices.  Do you consider 
EES and EBS to be groups that should be scoped into the Doorstep reviews?  
Since we have never addressed this specifically, I'd like to get your 
thoughts.

Thanks

Shona

I will be thinking about you and Brenda over the weekend and know that you 
will both be glad for her to return home.  I have mentioned to you before, 
Hector, that an Enron friend has dealt with a brain tumor successfully.  That 
is Barbara Gray, an attorney in ENA's Legal Department.  Barbara counsels 
patients and their families who are facing situations similar to hers.  If 
you feel like you would like to talk with someone who can understand on a 
more firsthand basis what you and Brenda are facing, I would encourage you to 
contact Barbara.  In addition to having been through her own battle with a 
brain tumor, she is simply a wonderful person whom I know you would enjoy 
meeting.  I have mentioned your situation to her, and she would certainly 
welcome a conversation with you.  

I will be in the London office next week, so we will have to coordinate on 
merit increases from there.  I will be back in the office on Monday, January 
22.  -Sally  

   

I saw Brenda last night and she was doing very well.   We expect that she 
will remain in NICU until approx. this afternoon and it is hoped that she 
will be able to come home on Monday.   As Frank has probably already told 
you, the Surgeon could only remove 50% of the tumor.   He believes it was 
benign and we'll have confirmation today.   
Brenda will need several MRI's and Gamma Knife therapy (radiation) 
treatments.   We don't know the particular demands of this therapy but, we do 
look forward to having it provide a long term solution.   
I anticipate at this point that I will need to work from home or stay in 
touch from home on Monday and that I will be able to return to your good 
company on Tuesday.    I remain available and in touch via my cell phone, 
pager and e-mail.   Please don't hesitate to call.    Working with you is a 
welcome distraction. 
Thank you very much for you support and prayers.   I look forward to seeing 
you soon.
hgm

It will be good to use your knowledge of the business in helping EIM to 
grow.  I hope that you enjoy your new rotation.  --Sally 

Kim Stanley@ENRON
01/12/2001 10:11 AM
Sally,
 I've decided to rotate within EIM from Trading to Origination.  Thanks for 
offering to help me.
Kim

I will be in London the week of January 15th.  I understand from Beth that 
you and Frank will be in Spain on Monday night.  Beth and I plan to have 
dinner that night.  Will you be back in town later in the week?  I have 
business plans for dinner on Tuesday and Thursday.  Could you make dinner on 
Wednesday night (the 17th)?  There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I 
will stop by at 6:30 that night, but I expect to be free after that.  

I have a belated Christmas gift for you.  Hope we can get together!  --Sally 

PS  Am staying at 47 Park.  

Please put details of this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. 

Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend.  
Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should 
have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and 
make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some 
prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we 
should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk 
books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on 
content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for 
us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
Shirley Tijerina@ENRON
01/12/2001 02:05 PM
The above meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, January 23 from 2:30pm - 
3:30pm in EB3321.

If you have any questions, please call me at X58113.

Thanks.

Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend.  
Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should 
have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and 
make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some 
prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we 
should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk 
books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on 
content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for 
us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
Shirley Tijerina@ENRON
01/12/2001 02:05 PM
The above meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, January 23 from 2:30pm - 
3:30pm in EB3321.

If you have any questions, please call me at X58113.

Thanks.

There isn't much to the memo, but this is it!  It came out well after the e=
nd=20
of the work day for most folks.  I believe that Patti has sent you my trave=
l=20
plans for next week.  Have a great weekend!=20
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@ENRON
The Managing Director PRC Committee met this week to elect individuals to=
=20
Managing Director and Vice President positions.  These employees are=20
recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization, whose individua=
l=20
efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the=
=20
company.  We are pleased to announce the election of the following new=20
Managing Directors and Vice Presidents.  Please join us in congratulating=
=20
these individuals on their new appointments.

Managing Director =01) Commercial

Phillip K. Allen, ENA (EWS) West Gas Trading - Houston
Franklin R. Bay, EBS Entertainment on Demand - Houston
Timothy N. Belden, ENA (EWS) =01) West Power Trading - Portland
Michael R. Brown, EEL =01) Executive - London
Christopher F. Calger, ENA (EWS) West Power Origination - Portland
Joseph M. Deffner, ENA (EWS) Treasury & Funding - Houston
Timothy J. Detmering, ENA (EWS) Corporate Development - Houston
William D. Duran, ENA (EWS) Generation Investments - Houston
Robert S. Gahn, EES Commodity Structuring - Houston
Kevin C. Garland, EBS Broadband Ventures - Houston
Ben F. Glisan, Jr., Corporate =01) Global Equity Markets - Houston
Robert E. Hayes, ETS COMM Marketing - Houston
Phillip R. Milnthorp, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination & Trading - Calgary

Managing Director =01) Commercial Support

Sally W. Beck, ENW (EWS) Energy Operations Management - Houston
Fernley Dyson, EEL Finance & Support Services - London

Vice President =01) Commercial

Gregory Adams, EES MMC Management - Houston
Robert Bayley, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Jack D. Boatman, ETS Market Development =01) Houston
Rhenn Cherry, EES Assets/Labor =01) Houston
Niamh Clarke, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Peter Crilly, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Derek J. Davies, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Calgary
Mark D. Davis, Jr., ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
Charles Delacey, Corporate Finance =01) Houston
Paul Devries, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Toronto
Christopher H. Foster, ENA (EWS) West Power Trading =01) Portland
Jeffrey F. Golden, EES Corporate Development =01) Houston
Michael D. Grigsby, ENA West Gas Trading Group - Houston
Troy A. Henry, EES Bundled Sales-Heavy Industrial =01) Houston
Rogers Herndon, ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
James W. Lewis, EES Underwriting =01) Houston
Christopher Mahoney, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Andrew Marsden, EBS Broadband Ventures =01) London
John McClain, EBS Broadband Wholesale Origination =01) Houston
Kevin J. McGowan, EGM (EWS) American Coal =01) Houston
Albert E. McMichael, Jr., ENA (EWS) Gas Commodity Structuring =01) Houston
Ermes I. Melinchon, Central America Origination =01) Houston
Steven R. Meyers, EES Consumption =01) Houston
Lloyd D. Miller, ENA (EWS) Portfolio Management =01) Houston
Michael A. Miller, Wind Development / Execution-General Administration =01)=
=20
Houston
Marcello Romano, EBS EEL-Broadband Trading =01) London
David A. Samuels, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline - Houston
Per A. Sekse, EGM (EWS) Global Risk Markets =01) New York
Edward S. Smida, EBS Video on Demand =01) Houston
Mark Tawney, EGM (EWS) Weather Trading =01) Houston
Jon Thomsen, EBS Business Development =01) Latin America/Canada =01) Portla=
nd
Barry L. Tycholiz, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination - Houston
Frank W. Vickers, ENA (EWS) East Gas Origination =01) Houston
Amit Walia, Corporate, Corporate Development =01) Houston
William White, EBS Global Bandwidth Risk Mgmt =01) Houston
Jonathan Whitehead, EEL EA Trading =01) Japan
Mark Whitt, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination =01) Denver
John A. Zufferli, ENA (EWS) Canada Power Trading - Calgary

Vice President =01) Commercial Support

Beth Apollo, EEL Financial Operations Executive =01) London
Marla Barnard, EBS Human Resources =01) Houston
Karen L. Denne, Corporate, Public Relations =01) Houston
Georganne M. Hodges, ENA (EWS) Trading, Origination & Power Plant Accountin=
g=20
=01) Houston
Phillip Lord, EEL Transaction Support =01) London
Peggy Mahoney, EES Marketing =01) Communication =01) Houston
Steven Montovano, Corporate, Government & Regulatory Affairs =01) Dublin
Laura Scott, ENA (EWS) Canada Accounting =01) Calgary
Richard C. Sherman, ENA (EWS) Transaction Support =01) Houston
Gregory W. Stubblefield, EES Financial Planning & Reporting =01) Houston
Dennis D. Vegas, CALME International Public Relations =01) Houston

Vice President =01) Specialized Technical=20

Sami Arap Sobrinho, ESA (EWS) Legal =01) Houston
Merat Bagha, EBS Sales Engineering =01) Houston
Justin Boyd, EEL Legal =01) London
Mary Nell Browning, EBS Legal =01) London
Jonathan Chapman, EEL Legal =01) London
Robert D. Eickenroht, Corporate, Legal =01) Houston
Mark Evans, EEL Legal =01) London
David Forster, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline =01) Houston
Janine Juggins, EEL Tax =01) London
Peter C. Keohane, ENA (EWS) Canada Legal =01) Calgary
Pinnamaneni V. Krishnarao, ENA (EWS) Research Group =01) Houston
Travis C. McCullough, ENA (EWS) Finance Origination, Mergers/Acquisitions =
=01)=20
Houston
Michael Popkin, ESA (EWS) SA- Risk Management/Network Integration =01) Hous=
ton
Elizabeth A. Sager, ENA (EWS) Physical Trading =01) Houston
Richard B. Sanders, ENA (EWS) Litigation =01) Houston
John W. Schwartzenburg, EECC Legal =01) Houston
Michael D. Smith, EES Legal =01) Houston
Marcus Vonbock Und Polach, EEL Legal =01) London
Jay C. Webb, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline Systems =01) Houston

Vice President =01) Technical

Donald R. Hawkins, ETS Quality Management =01) Houston
John R. Keller, ETS Engineering & Construction =01) Houston

Thanks for the note.  I certainly know by responses that I am getting tonight 
who is in the office late!  I was told that the memo would come out today - 
you just had to be here at dinner time to see it!  I am really pleased about 
how we have been able to improve the perception of what our group does and 
its importance to the organization.  And yes, we need more female names on 
these lists!  --Sally 

Tana Cashion @ ENRON   01/12/2001 07:43 PM

Congratulations on your promotion!  What a great statement to how far you 
have brought Energy Operations.   I'm sure your team will be excited to see 
your efforts recognized.  Also, it is very encouraging to see a female name 
on the list.  Best of luck! 

Tana Cashion

FYI - While I simply received an assessment from Jenny, there is obviously a listing of equipment that exists.  Looks as if Paige Cox on Jenny's team would be the person to get with on this.  --Sally

Sally,  it doesn't appear that the fax machines already in ECS will be sufficient for your needs.  Let me know if you would like us to assist your group in getting additional fax machines.  I have to believe that there are numerous excess machines around here.   JR

Jenny --

There are 25 owned and 6 leased fax machines on ECS 05 & 06 per the UBS asset scheduled.  After doing a walk though on the floors, the machines are concentrated in certain business areas.  Current machine placement will not accommodate the type of usage that I suspect Sally's group will need to have.

My suggestion is that the settlements group(s) bring their fax machines with them, and we have the numbers changed.

Paige

S. Paige Cox
Director 
Global Infrastructure
Enron Net Works
office:	713-853-5428
cell:	281-830-1111
paige.cox@enron.com

Thanks for your nice note.  While the journey has been interesting, to say the least, I am very excited about what we can do and committed to the effort.  I am glad that we will be able to continue working together.  --Sally 

Sally,

Soooo glad you are in Netco!!!

It makes a big difference to me knowing that you will be there...cool!

Good luck

Steve

Steve
NOTE : Sent from my Pager, so please excuse the spelling mistakes!

This will be an important meeting for me to attend.  Let me know when this gets scheduled.  Thanks. 
Wade Stubblefield@EES
04/11/2001 06:01 PM
Wes asked me to pull the above group together to discuss the who, and the mechanics of how, people from each of our respective EES groups move over to EWS as part of the reorganization underway.  It would probably be a good idea to bring copies of your most up-to-date org. charts (Wade, Wanda and Kalen).

I will have my assistant, Jennifer Bryan, contact your assistants to schedule a time that fits.  Wes indicated he would like to have this meeting Monday or Tuesday of next week.

If you have any questions, please do not hesistate to call.

Thanks

Wade

This is the note that I mentioned that I sent to Philippe today about space in the new building.  You can take up the cause with Philippe when he returns.  I am meeting with Tammy Shepperd at 1:30 tomorrow on some space planning details.  I will tell her that Sheri's group should be located with yours, and by that time I should be able to tell her that Sheri's group will be reporting to you.  

I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am.  --Sally 

According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Here is another one...
Mspartalis@aol.com on 04/11/2001 10:51:33 AM
Sally, 

This is the second of the two emails I am sending you.   

Please review the resume of Robert (Bob) Mickits.  He is currently a  
consultant with a Big 5 firm, loaded with GAS Energy experience.  His  
qualifications are: 
*     CPA; BBA - Accounting 
*     E&Y 
*     16 years progressive Accounting/Finance experience and responsibilities 
*     Developed a business process risk model identifying process  
characteristics, business risks and associated best practices for the energy  
trading and marketing industry. 
*     Experienced and responsible for front, middle and back office  
accounting, risk management for energy trading and marketing firms. 
*     Directed all accounting policies & procedures, commodity and derivative  
accounting, reviewed and provided analysis on 133 accounting issues. 
*     Provided clients with infrastructure review and audits for global  
trading operations. 
*     Excellent communication skills. 

Thanks, 
Mike 
E. Michael Spartalis, CPA, CPC 
ML&R Personnel Solutions 
281-782-3411 (Cell)    
mspartalis@aol.com (temp)
 - Mickits_Robert_0401_rev.doc 

Back on the calendar this afternoon with Andy Zipper to get his comments on the presentation - should be able to get you and John a copy following that meeting.  

I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday.  

Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?

   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
			Laura Luce (Central)
			Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta

Power		Dave Duran
			Ozzie Pagan
			Ed Baughman
			Bruce Shuckley 

Portland		Chris Calger

Calgary		Ladain

Mexico		Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
	

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>

In re-reading this, I noticed that Todd Hall was included in the distribution list.  He is the only one from Brent's team included.  Do you want to copy Brent as well, or was Todd's inclusion due to his previous responsibility over the MPR, which now is managed by Susie Ayala.  Either way, you may want to include Brent on the message just so that he and his team know about the creation of this common drive.  

What about Georgeanne Hodges?  Should she be notified as well?  You may also want to copy Wes as an FYI.  Thanks. 

We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's internal email system)  

Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared drive that has been set up for this specific purpose.   

Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being distributed electronically.

Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info back and forth.

 
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:

A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the IT Central site: http://itcentral.enron.com/Data/Services/SecurityRequests/.  Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.

Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions

Beth Apollo

Good idea.  Is there a way to monitor usage of this folder is insure that everyone has  read and complied with your message?   

We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's internal email system)  

Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared drive that has been set up for this specific purpose.   

Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being distributed electronically.

Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info back and forth.

 
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:

A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the IT Central site: http://itcentral.enron.com/Data/Services/SecurityRequests/.  Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.

Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions

Beth Apollo

I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday.  

Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?

   

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
			Laura Luce (Central)
			Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta

Power		Dave Duran
			Ozzie Pagan
			Ed Baughman
			Bruce Shuckley 

Portland		Chris Calger

Calgary		Ladain

Mexico		Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
	

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>

According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Beth Apollo has recently joined the team and Brenda Herod has recently married.  February and March were gone before I could get organized enough to try to celebrate both of these occasions.  In honor of Beth's arrival and Brenda's marriage, I hope that you can join David and me for drinks and appetizers at our house on Saturday, May 5, followed by dinner at Champions Golf Club.  Please include your spouse or a guest, and know that we will also be happy to just have you attend.  Let me know if that date will work for you.  

I would recommend floor meetings on 37 (we occupy almost the entire floor) and on the operations end of floor 32.  That would cover everyone pretty well.  Thanks. --Sally 

Hi Sally -

Taking care of Philippe's emails while he's out.  Are there one or two floors that are occupied fully by your groups?  Please tell me the floors (probably two) where you would like the meetings and I will call Patti to coordinate your availability to attend.  I'll then send an email to your people notifying them of such.  

Thanks, 

Peggy

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees):  

		29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 

		30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 

		31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
		
		32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis

				 
		37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services 						
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

An important meeting  will be held tommorrow for all employees who

1) have accepted offers 
2) intend to accept offers ( to the best of their knowledge) but who have issues that need to be resolved

All employees in these categories should attend

Buses will be provided for those who do not have their own transport and will pick up from the south side of the north building - please assemble in the Java plaza area from 8.30am  to 9.30am ( last bus @ 9.30 am )

The meeting will last until 1pm approximately and will be presented by senior managers from UBS on the firm and it's strategy.

There will be breakfast available at the Hotel from 9am to 10am and there will be sandwiches afterwards.  

If travelling independently please make sure you leave sufficient time to park (it will be very busy there ) and get to the Grand ballroom

Employees need to bring their id's or drivers licence with them to gain access to the meeting

I'm sorry for the short notice on this - please call out to anyone who should be attending who will not get this message in time 

Neil Daves

Patti will be distributing Astros tickets to you for the 2001 season.  We used a process that gives you tickets for games in proportion to the number of employees on your team.  I hope that you will enjoy the games and that you will also be able to use some of the tickets to reward employees for a job well done.  

We have improved our tickets this year.  Thanks to Patti, who scoped out options for new tickets, and to my husband, who studied advantages and disadvantages of each option, we  have some good seats for the year.  The new tickets (4 together) are Dugout tickets, located between home and third base, about 28 rows up from the field.  Not aisle tickets this year, but I sat in the seats for the pre-season opener, and they are a big improvement over last year!  We will work on the aisle for next  year.  We also still have the two Terrace level tickets as we did last year.  For some games you will get all 6 tickets, and for others you may get either the Dugout Tickets or the Terrace tickets.  

Not a bad start to the season so far, so hopefully the new ballpark jinx is history!  --Sally 

 
Here's the latest.  Recent efforts have focused on clarifying the "who, what, how, when, why and where's" of the project.  Please direct your feedback to me.

Thanks,

Fred
5-9323

Patti:  I left Cindy a message last week about attending the NCL convention later in April.  She says that Ken and Jeff encourage board membership in community activities and that taking time during the business week is part of that.  So according to Cindy, the days at convention will not be counted as vacation days.  I guess I would view this as if I were in LA on business, so no notation on time out of the office.  Thanks. 

Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 

We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment.  

Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 

We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment.  

I won't bury you with constant examples, but am copying you on this note regarding floor meetings.  While operations is now a part of Enron Net Works, I believe that the only meaningful piece of that to Philippe and Greg is our commercialization effort.  They are not in the habit of considering the 500 people who provide critical services to EA, EGM and EIM daily.  Floor meetings set by Greg and Philippe were apparently aimed at the IT teams, and yet my group has added over 500 employees to Net Works in Houston alone with our reorganization late last fall.  I will diligently work with Philippe and Greg on this on an on-going basis.   While not fully embraced as part of Net Works, my operations team now is organizationally separated from the key Enron businesses that we support.  I suspect that motivating and managing in this environment will become increasingly challenging.  This is an FYI more than anything else.  --Sally   

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees):  

		29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 

		30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 

		31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
		
		32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis

				 
		37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services 	

My suggestion would be to add to more floor meetings to your schedule - one on the operations end of the 32nd floor and one on the 37th floor.  
					
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees):  

		29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 

		30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 

		31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
		
		32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis

				 
		37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services 						
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.  I may or may not attend, but want to have that on the calendar just in case.  Thanks.  
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

This date change means that I won't be able to make it to the open house.  I will be out of town on April 27.  

We'll see you the next time.  Thanks. 

Todd Busby@ENRON
04/06/2001 05:27 PM
I guess I shouldn't have responded before I read all of my e-mails.  I have a conference call with Sithe on Monday at 8:30.  The chances of if being done by 9:30 are about 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.

I'll make the next one.

Todd

   

Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

<Embedded StdOleLink>

I have talked with Jeff Gossett, Leslie Reeves and Stacey White to let them know about the Saturday effort and the Sunday meeting.  They all will be in town this weekend and will be on call.    Their contact numbers are listed below:

					Home Phone			Cell Phone

	Jeff Gossett			281-358-7546*			713-825-6094		*Kingwood exchange - 
														may be long distance
	Leslie Reeves		281-476-4408			713-907-6554

	Stacey White		281-894-0468			281-382-5215

	Sally Beck			281-370-8568			713-417-1591 or 
										713-299-1436

(Kim Theriot reports to Leslie, so she will talk with Kim.  I don't have contact numbers for Kim.) 

LeMetrice is either a director or senior director under Jenny - kind of a second in command.  She worked extensively on the original 2002 budget for Infrastructure and put together some data on functions within the Infrastructure group that gave a somewhat layman's explanation of the various services provided.   We have already gone through the process of rebudgeting dollars and headcount for 2002, post bankruptcy and December 2 lay offs, and with the projected Netco spin off.  It is likely that LeMetrice has all of those details.  So despite a somewhat short answer from Jenny, she was actually on target to refer you to her.   -Sally 

i venture that this is a little less than totally helpful......

Barry,  Please contact LaMetrice Dopson for that information.  Thanks.  JR

Jenny,

Whilst undestanding that you do provide shared services - could you maybe give me a little more detail on what areas you support, what offices/locations, relationship with NetCo, Wholesale, Pipelines etc...What was your allocation methodology for the 2001 budget?

My goal here - for Jim - is to understand how many bodies (& related cost) it is going to take to support the Wholesale Post Bankruptcy actvities - as we are doing for all support and commercial functions - so we can complie a fwd cash forecast.

Any education would be appreciated. An org chart would also help.

Thanks.

Barry.
The Infrastructure group provides shared services and people are not designated to specific business units.  

Dave Delaney and Jim Fallon need the following information for a meeting tomorrow at noon.   They need to know which BU all ENW and ISC employees support (i.e. EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, and ENA). 
I've provided all the employees that remain in the estate in the spreadsheet below for you.   There's a tab for each of you with all of your Estate employees listed.    Please designate which company each employee supports and return by 11 AM tomorrow.   
I apologize for the short notice. 
Thanks for your help. 
H
 << File: FallonDelaneyrpt.xls >> 

I am hosting drinks at my home and dinner at Champions Golf Club on Saturday, May 5 for my operations team and their spouses.  Greg and I talked about this today.  He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.  If he and his wife are available, I will let you know details as it gets closer.  Thanks for your help.  --Sally 

Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks!  

I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share rides to Neiman's.  Can you get that list form Vanessa?  Thanks. 
Enron has purchased a table to the 2001 Houston Chronicle Best Dressed Luncheon & Neiman Marcus Fashion Show benefiting the March of Dimes.  The luncheon will be held on Wednesday, April 11 at the Westin Galleria.  The reception begins at 11:30 a.m., and the actual luncheon starts promptly at 12:00 noon.  

Vanessa, would you please resend Sally the memo regarding the luncheon?  It looks like I've deleted my copy.

Thank you!

Kathy

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Is it lunch or dinner on May 10?  

Rick & Sally,

I have phoned all of the scholarship recipients and left messages for them regarding dinner on May 10th.  I should have an answer by Monday.

Thanks,

Karen
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

Is this going to be a shower?  If so, I would like to get my own gift for t=
hem, if that is okay.  Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute =
to the gift basket?  What time on the 20th - I'd like to put that on my cal=
endar.  Does Louise know if it is a boy or girl?  Thanks.  --Sally=20

Tammie Schoppe
04/05/2001 11:31 AM
If you are interested in contributing toward a baby gift for Louise & Marcu=
s please see me.  I will be getting a gift basket from Saks Fifth Avenue.  =
I will have a card at my desk for everybody to sign and I would like to col=
lect the money by Wednesday, April 18th.  There will be cake and punch for =
them on Friday, April 20th to present the gift to them.  I will send a remi=
nder closer to the date.  Please call me with any questions.

Thanks,

Tammie=20
x34220

P.S. Please forward this to anybody I may have missed on the distribution l=
ist that would like to contribute.

What does "completed" mean?  My first request was to give me access to review all e-mail messages that Mary has received since March 1 through yesterday's date.  I asked if they could be transferred to my mail box to simplify my review process.  Has this been done?  I don't see any new messages that have been transferred from Mary's mail box to mine.  --Sally 

fyi...

Completed.

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:

1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?

2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."

3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 

  Thanks in advance for your help on this matter.  

Please print in color for me.  Do we have a file set up for these?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Brian Heinrich
04/05/2001 05:55 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending April 4th.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677

 

Imagining that for myself, it would not be a pretty site.  Was it just a lot of movement, or was there noise as well?  --Sally 

Thought you would appreciate this...

Was late this morning and had to flag the bus down by waving my arms.  Had
on a short-sleeved shirt.  Use your imagination.

Cindy

In a meeting with Louise Kitchen today, she mentioned that Bob Superty was very impressive in a presentation that he made to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors on Wednesday.  She was very complimentary.  I have let Bob know about Louise's praise.  Thought that you would like to know as well.  --Sally   
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

 

FYI

Jenny,

Whilst undestanding that you do provide shared services - could you maybe give me a little more detail on what areas you support, what offices/locations, relationship with NetCo, Wholesale, Pipelines etc...What was your allocation methodology for the 2001 budget?

My goal here - for Jim - is to understand how many bodies (& related cost) it is going to take to support the Wholesale Post Bankruptcy actvities - as we are doing for all support and commercial functions - so we can complie a fwd cash forecast.

Any education would be appreciated. An org chart would also help.

Thanks.

Barry.
The Infrastructure group provides shared services and people are not designated to specific business units.  

Dave Delaney and Jim Fallon need the following information for a meeting tomorrow at noon.   They need to know which BU all ENW and ISC employees support (i.e. EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, and ENA). 
I've provided all the employees that remain in the estate in the spreadsheet below for you.   There's a tab for each of you with all of your Estate employees listed.    Please designate which company each employee supports and return by 11 AM tomorrow.   
I apologize for the short notice. 
Thanks for your help. 
H
 << File: FallonDelaneyrpt.xls >> 

This is a copy of the presentation that Bob Superty made to the Peoples Energy Board this week.  Lousie Kitchen told me that he was very impressive in the presentation (not a surprise to me, but it is nice when others recognize the talent that is in the operations organization).  We may be able to incorporate some of this into our presentation to originators for internal purposes, and there may be parts of this that could be used in external marketing tools. --Sally 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

 

Please print in color for me.  Thanks. 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 

Let me know if you have any questions - Bob

 

Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I wi=
ll meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "m=
ass mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday after=
noon or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vicke=
rs and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and pow=
er covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation i=
n person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will like=
ly come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presenta=
tion could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sen=
se to set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the w=
ord to the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We =
can start those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logi=
stics of any offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really t=
hink that we need one.   =20

Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to de=
liver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from=
 Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him =
on that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and=
 will be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with=
 her that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as=
 the other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the nex=
t time that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April=
 17, 18 or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with hi=
m perhaps in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west=
 power risk team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetin=
gs here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I ca=
n discuss the appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentatio=
ns at lunch tomorrow. =20

I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage=
 and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  --Sally=20

Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it =
out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their =
review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week o=
n their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and =
has the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.

We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something ou=
t because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.

GP

Shukaly resigned and left.

But I assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that=
 whoever they want can attend.=20

I would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the=
 groups on Friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting =
an offsite together.  How about circulating the presentation and then letti=
ng them refer all questions to Rahil - see how much interest you get.  One =
on ones are much better and I think this is how Rahil should proceed.  We n=
eed to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks.

Let's aim to get a least three customers this quarter.

Louise

  =20

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services ar=
e, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue =
sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the=
 DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft=
 by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  W=
e are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can =
catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting wi=
th all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we c=
an set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will sim=
ply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attend=
ees are:

Gas=09=09=09Frank Vickers (East)
=09=09=09Laura Luce (Central)
=09=09=09Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives=09=09Fred LaGrasta

Power=09=09Dave Duran
=09=09=09Ozzie Pagan
=09=09=09Ed Baughman
=09=09=09

Portland=09=09Chris Calger

Calgary=09=09Ladain

Mexico=09=09Max Y.=20

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary g=
uy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL mar=
keting team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunit=
y to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha=
 and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well. =20

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will wo=
rk for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if yo=
u would like.  --Sally =09
=09

=20
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services=
 with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:

Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
			Laura Luce (Central)
			Barry Tycholiz (West)

Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta

Power		Dave Duran
			Ozzie Pagan
			Ed Baughman
			Bruce Shuckley 

Portland		Chris Calger

Calgary		Ladain

Mexico		Max Y. 

When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well.  

Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
	

Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?

Thanks

Louise

I didn't read through all of the names, but wanted to make sure that we are=
 including Beth Apollo on invites to participate in recruiting.  I think th=
at I mentioned her to you.  She is a VP who joined my team in January after=
 spending four years in Enron's London office.  She graduated from Trinity =
and worked in public accounting before coming to Enron.  She would be great=
 to have on a team.  I would love for her to join us at UT, but if she has =
another preference that is great, too.  If she is not on your list yet, why=
 don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the sch=
ools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.  Thanks.  =
--Sally=20

  =20

WE WANT YOU!

The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual Recru=
iting Expo. =20
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent=
 for Enron.

=09=09When:=09=09Thursday, April 12th

=09=09Where:=09=0950th Floor - Reception Area

=09=09Time:=09=095:30pm to 7:30pm

Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the =
new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.

Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!

Thanks for the info on the recruiting expo.  Sounds like fun, but I won't b=
e able to make it.  I am taking the day off on Friday, April 13th to take M=
eagan for her info session and tour at UT.  We will be driving to Austin af=
ter she gets out of school on Thursday afternoon, April 12. =20

You know that you can count me in already as a team member!  --Sally=20

  =20

WE WANT YOU!

The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual Recru=
iting Expo. =20
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent=
 for Enron.

=09=09When:=09=09Thursday, April 12th

=09=09Where:=09=0950th Floor - Reception Area

=09=09Time:=09=095:30pm to 7:30pm

Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the =
new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.

Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!

Thanks for the update.  I am forwarding your message to Beth Apollo.  She is the VP on my team that manages our Global Services, and this Executive Report Viewer falls in that arena.  She will be closer to this than I.  You may want to get her feedback as well.  --Sally 

Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Great idea to run this by Louise.  She ususally has some good ideas on how things should look and feel online.  I would love to see it, too.  Thanks.  --Sally

Sally,
It is on the list as a medium priority and we can discuss more on Monday.

I would not say that the system is totally done.  It is in User testing  -- Chris and crew are testing it and I will be getting a demo in the next week or two.  It has not been rolled out to the user community.  

I am also going to challenge them to think about whether there are any more quick "cosmetic" things that we could do with out much more time or cost.

Do you want to have a look before it rolls out?

Also  I thought maybe giving a preview to Louise would be good since she looks at the report pretty regularly, and is a big fan of automation.

Beth

Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results?  
Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business voice mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:

1)  Please grant Vanessa Schulte access to Mary Solmonson's voice mail so that she change the access code for retrieving messages so that she can review any incoming voice mail messages and deliver appropriate business responses.  

2)  Please work with Vanessa Schulte on the process of forwarding all incoming calls on Mary Solmonson's line (713-853-6079) to Vanessa's line (x35565) if she so chooses.  She may prefer the ability to check voice mail messages on Mary's line to having Mary's line automatically forwarded to her line.  If she chooses not to forward Mary's line to hers, she will create a new message on Mary's line that can direct callers to Vanessa.  

Thanks in advance for you help on this.   

Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:

1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?

2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."

3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 

  Thanks in advance for your help on this matter.  

If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.
 
 

Per my memo below, please enroll Brenda Herod, James Scribner, Thresa Allen and Shona Wilson for the May session.  Thanks for the reminder and for your help!  --Sally 

The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session called Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP level and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the class was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is used in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two to three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees.  

Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want to work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will be offered in May, September, November and February (2002).  

However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to have several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors and that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know and we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would have to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know your recommendation on a substitution.  
Thanks. 
Sally, 
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity. 
Thanks, 
 
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
  

The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session called Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP level and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the class was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is used in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two to three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees.  

Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want to work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will be offered in May, September, November and February (2002).  

However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to have several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors and that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know and we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would have to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know your recommendation on a substitution.  
Thanks. 
Sally, 
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity. 
Thanks, 
 
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
  

Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results?  
Sally,

I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.

Thanks

Zhiyong

Got your note.  It's a little premature to forecast now - we will have a better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue model.  Can we delay until then?  We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our revenue line to date.  I am not sure why it is not showing up as income.  Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date.  I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers.  By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as revenue?  Since our costs are fully allocated to business units, this should be pure margin.  Hey, you have to start somewhere!  

I have a lunch meeting scheduled with Greg Piper on Friday this week. One of the items that I want to discuss with him is how we want to treat expenses that we are incurring while researching the feasibility of this business.  I don't have an answer for you today on what if any costs will not be allocated to the business units.  Next week I can give you more info on that.  

Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know in a few days I would appreciate it. 

Kerry Roper (x5-4895)

FYI - Let's discuss.  --Sally
Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know in a few days I would appreciate it. 

Kerry Roper (x5-4895)

Tight time frame for Mike & co. on metals deliverables.  Raises the question around the timing of next week's visit on metal.  Will we divert critical resources from these efforts.   --Sally
Mike Jordan
04/04/2001 09:27 AM
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.

In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule. Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ).

Please contact me if you require any additional information

Mike

Mike Jordan
03/04/2001 16:29
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide  
a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location
a timely substantiation of 
stock on balance sheet
forward MTM 
debtors and creditor balances
OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account

Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.

Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following :

I will discuss with AA the following
that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications)
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable)
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400. We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe. However, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders.
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.

Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination
an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30 th ( replacing planned 23 rd review due to system issues ), requiring
full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23 rd and 30 th
sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd

I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval

Regards

Mike
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business.

Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF.
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ).
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.

Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet.

The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers.
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses.
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations. The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads.
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF.
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates 
A full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation within Enron
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices/request for payment )
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts

I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during April 

If you have any questions please call me on x34703

Regards

Mike

It didn't occur to me until seeing Richard's message that we might have a hole in communications with Mary being out on an extended basis.  We should probably create a message on Mary's phone that refers callers to someone else - ditto on e:mail messages.  Beth, does it make sense for that referral to be James, or you, or Vanessa?  Others within our organization that may try to reach Mary could have questions about global databases, projects that Joel's group had been handling, etc.  I am not trying to put this off on you if you don't think it is appropriate - but James and/or Vanessa came to mind as possible contacts.  By copy to Hector, I also wonder if we should review incoming e:mails that have come to Mary over the last several weeks to see if there are some internal requests to which we need to respond.  Let me know what you think.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

I am following up with someone that was on Mary's team that now works for Beth Apollo.  We will get back with you on this shortly.  --Sally 

Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

Does Vanessa know anything about this?  I know that we had a definite interest several years ago in a system from Siebel.  We shelved it at the time due to IT resource constraints and Philippe's concern over costs.  In the meantime, EES bought a license and uses this system.  I know that Mary was resurrecting this with someone on her team.  She had recently reviewed it with Brenda Herod, I believe.  This is one of the items that we listed in Dallas as a need if we were to get heavily into providing services for others.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?

Thanks,
Richard

Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!

Thanks,
Richard

Last summer we hosted a lunch for summer interns right at the end of their =
assignments with us.  We had other UT alums attend the lunch.  Feedback fro=
m the summer interns was favorable.  Their key comment, though, was that it=
 would have been great to have had that get together earlier in the summer =
so that the interns could have networked with other Enron UT alums througho=
ut the summer.  Can we plan something for the UT interns earlier this summe=
r?  It would probably work well to include the summer associates as well.  =
I will be glad to help in any way.  Just let me know.=20

  =20

Dear Longhorn Team:

The following UT candidates have accepted their offers for internships:

Vinay Adenwala
Cathy Wang
Vivek Shah
Kruti Patel
Daniel Payne
Wesley Thoman
Michelle Yee
Rachel Ravanzo
Ainsley Gaddis

One offer is still outstanding:  Courtney Gibbs
Three offers were declined:  Pranav Gandi, Jessica Payne, and Ameet Rane

Thank you for all your help in making our spring recruiting such a success!=
=20

lexi
3-4585

Here it is....

		 

Christina Valdez
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone - 713.853-9106
Fax     - 713.345.8100
christina.valdez@enron.com

I will be in the office the whole week of April 9.  I will ask my assistant to call yours to set up a 30 minute meeting for us next week to discuss the candidates that we saw during the scholarship interviews.  --Sally 

Sally has arranged Brian Wood with Avistar to demo a desktop video conferencing product tomorrow (Wednesday), April 4, 1:00 -2:00 PM.  Brian will meet at Sally's office and take whoever is interested to another office location in the Enron Building for demonstration.  If you are interested in attending, please call me at x39106 so I can give Brian a headcount.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.  I don't recognize the names.  The name noted as manager is Loyd Will, who is a commercial employee reporting to Kevin Presto.  Thanks. 
ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> on 04/03/2001 11:12:14 AM
You have received this email because you are listed as a security approver. Please click http://itcapps.corp.enron.com/srrs/auth/emailLink.asp?ID=000000000027109&Page=Approval to review and act upon this request.

Request ID          : 000000000027109
Request Create Date : 4/3/01 10:59:54 AM
Requested For       : gautam.gupta@enron.com
Resource Name       : EOL US Backoffice  Stack Manager
Resource Type       : Applications

Please put these dates on my calendar and let Lexi know that at this point =
the calendar is open and that I will be happy to participate in both the in=
formation session and the interviews.  Thanks. =20

Dear Team Members:

We are already finalizing details for next fall's recruiting effort.  Pleas=
e mark your calendars for the following events:

Information Session : September 17 (6-8 pm at the Alumni Center)
Full-Time Interviews: October 16 and 17=20

If you would like to volunteer for these events, please drop me a note. =20

Of course there are still events to be planned, so I will let you know of t=
hem as soon as possible.

Have a great day!

lexi
3-4585

I was at the pre-seasoner opener at Enron Field last Friday night and saw you throw the first pitch.  It was a nice one - never a chance of it hitting the dirt!  -Sally 

Thanks for putting this together.  I will look forward to reading the details later today. --Sally 

James New
04/03/2001 09:12 AM
Sally / Beth,

As we discussed when I was in Houston I have put together a draft on Valuation Methodology Changes and Model Approval. I had a meeting arranged for today to go through my proposal with Ted Murphy and Tani Nath (she heads up research and structuring here in London) but Ted cancelled at the last minute (again). Tani and I met and are broadly in agreement, but before we can go any further we need Ted's input. He is now away for 2 1/2 weeks so there is going to be no further progress on this front.

In the mean time I would appreciate your comments on what I have put together. I would prefer it if it is not circulated around Houston at this stage until I can accurately say that Ted is happy from a global RAC perspective. Likewise I still need to get Houston research comfortable but I am going to wait until Ted has had a chance to add his feedback so I can at least say that it is only Houston research that is outstanding. Others will also need to be consulted (and I would like to agree a list of key people with you) but I can't see their being any real contention. Can you ?

I am assuming that resourcing is likely to be an issue for you in Houston (and it may well be here too) and this has been added to the outstanding list. I am envisaging that some of the risk management work could be completed as part of the curve validation 

If there are any questions or feedback please let me know.

James

 

Can you print this for me?  Thanks. 

Sent by:	General Announcement@ENRON
Our vision to become The World's Leading Company positions our company for great success this year and beyond.  Our success is dependent on execution.  With that in mind, we are making Enron's 2001 corporate and business unit goals available to employees.  

Please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on Enron's intranet at http://172.28.92.190/bowne/    We believe they will help you gain a better understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify innovative ways to help your organization and Enron achieve our objectives.  We have a lot to accomplish this year, and with your hard work and dedication, we can realize another year of stellar performance.

You are kind - and that's one of the things that I love about you!  I suppose that we should get serious about the dinner for Mom and Dad, since it is two months away.  I will be glad to handle invitations.  I will look for some this week and coordinate with Mom on final names and addresses.  Cara had sent an e:mail a few weeks ago with some detailed questions to answer.  I still have a copy of it, but haven't focused on it to date.  I will call you tonight and we can go through it and offer to Cara to follow up with Josephine's House if that would help her given her current charge at home.  --Sally 

I actually think you look young in those pictures--you are way too
critical!!!

Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could
easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of
myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally

Sally...

We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!

Cindy

<<
 Inside every older person

 is a younger person

 wondering what the fuck happened.
  >>

Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally 

Sally...

We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!

Cindy

<<
 Inside every older person

 is a younger person

 wondering what the fuck happened.
  >>

Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion...
John Sherriff
04/03/2001 08:11 AM
Thanks Wes - I will discuss with Mike and Jeff,

John

John,

There has been a fair amount of discussion about this as well as the reporting of drift for the North America businesses.  Both Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman are opposed to moving the location of drift in the DPR.  I know that North America included US drift in its plan and includes "drift earnings" in its margin.  I believe you do the same in Europe.  Jeff is adamant that we not  move US drift from EGM's section of the DPR and has asked for UK drift to remain, as well.  You may want to call Jeff.  Sally and I will do what ever you guys decide.    

Please deal with this.  Wes, you know what I think and what we've decided on.  Jeff
FYI

Gary
 
Michael Kass@ENRON
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
Gary

I prepare the London Summary and I have been requested by John Sherriff here in London to have changes made to the reporting format of the Executive Viewer report.  John's request and the changes he has asked for are detailed below.  In essence, John would like Enron Europe's 'UK Drift' revenue to be reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading in the Exec Viewer instead of being reported under the 'Global Markets' heading.  If you agree to this change could you advise Chris Abel and Johnny Thibodeux to make the appropriate changes.  If, however,  you would like to discuss the matter further please contact John Sherriff.  

Regards

Michael
 
John Sherriff@ECT
23/02/2001 16:27
Michael - Please move forward with these changes.

John

 
James New
23/02/2001 16:14
John,

The attached is the format I believe we discussed and agreed with Ted a few days ago. In order that the guys in Houston will make the changes they require your authorisation.

If you can authorise by return then Michael Kass and I will forward it on to the necessary people below.

If you are not happy with the attached please let me know what needs to be changed.

Thanks James
 
Michael Kass@ENRON
22/02/2001 10:47
Changes are required to the reporting format of Enron Europe's P/L in the Executive Viewer .  Below is a list of these changes as well as the person responsible for effecting each change:

Gary Hickerson: The UK Drift book is to be reclassified from the 'Enron Global Markets' heading to the 'Enron Europe' heading; 

Susie Ayala: The Enron Europe (Net Fair Value) Equity Investments book is to reclassified from 'Merchant Summary' to the 'Enron Europe' heading;

Chris Abel: The following changes are to be made to the books reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading:
	- J Block is to be reported as a separate line item;
	- Structured Derivatives UK is to include all other structured derivatives and power/gas accruals (currently reported under 'Other' line item); 
	- For each of the Electricty books, could you change the word Electricity to Power in the headings (for consistency purposes).

 

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

That was my third or fourth time at Ibeza - I have enjoyed it each time.  It is a great place for outside dining when the weather works for that.  --Sally 

Hi, Sally-
Did you enjoy Ibeza last night?  It was my first visit - I thought the food was quite good.
Sam

Thanks for your note and resume.  I have sent a copy to our Managing Director of Global Financial Trading.  He is in our London office this week, with a pretty demanding schedule, so it may be early next week before I hear back from him with regard to his interest.  I look forward to talking with you tomorrow.  Best time to reach me would be around 2:00 pm.  --Sally 

Dear Sally,

Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.

Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work

 <<Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc>>  <<MMoses_trader.doc>>

 - Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc 
 - MMoses_trader.doc 

Resume attached per my voice mail to you.  This guy is currently at Compaq, but wants to do something else.  Any interest?  As I said in my voice mail, I will be glad to call my friend Dave Schempf to get more info on this guy if you would like.  --Sally 
Dear Sally,

Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.

Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work

 <<Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc>>  <<MMoses_trader.doc>>

 - Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc 
 - MMoses_trader.doc 

TO:  All EGM and EIM employees affected
FROM: Sally Beck, Managing Director of ENW-Global Risk Management Operations

Last fall, the Enron Wholesale Services organization was created and announced in an organizational memo from Jeff Skilling.  All wholesale companies (Enron Americas, Enron Europe, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets) plus Enron Net Works and Enron Global Assets were included in the Enron Wholesale Services umbrella.  In that organizational memo, the Energy Operations team (now Global Risk Management Operations) was moved into Enron Net Works to align our operational services, information technology and e:commerce platforms in order to offer the best quality services to Enron wholesale customers.  This alignment also positions us to evaluate the prospect of packaging these services for other customers as well.  With this reorganization, we continue to maintain dedicated operations teams that support each of the wholesale businesses.

Since this reorganization occurred so close to year end, I suggested that we wait until January 1, 2001 to move employees under Enron Net Works.  Senior management, accounting and HR agreed with this date for effecting the move to Enron Networks.  Unfortunately, however, the January conversion to Networks did not get fully executed.  

To correct this, effective April 01, 2001, all EGM and EIM  employees  and non-employees who provide risk management operations services and ultimately report in to Brent Price and Brenda Herod, respectively, will be transferred to ENW - Global Risk Management Operations under  company 083E.   Starting April 1st, you should start using new cost centers for coding and timekeeping purposes.  This will formalize the ENW-Global Risk Management Operations' structure.

There are some direct effects that surround the conversion to Enron Net Works. Because you are transferring between Enron payroll companies, IRS requirements state that FICA withholding must start over.  This applies only to the OASDI (6.2%) which has a maximum wage base withholding of $80,400.00 for 2001.  Medicare tax withholding of 1.45% has no cap and therefore does not start over but continues as usual.

The excess OASDI withholding that you incur for the year will credit to you on your 2001 tax return as withholding.  Therefore, to alleviate the burden of starting over, you can adjust your Federal income tax withholding down by filing a new Form W-4 and claim additional allowances which will reduce the withholding to adjust for the excess OASDI withholding.  Be sure to ask your tax advisor what additional steps you can take to balance out these changes.  You may also contact the Payroll Department @ 713/345-5555 to assist you with any questions.  

We will continue to have dedicated HR reps who will work directly with you and your team and who will coordinate among themselves to share best practices that can positively impact all teams.  If you have questions, please call the HR representative who supports your organization, as identified below relative to the business unit to which your team is dedicated:  

Business Unit	HR Contact	Phone#
EGM 	David Hill	713/853-4218
EIM	Kathy Neal	713/345-7803
EA/Global Services	Frank De Jesus	713/345-3662
EA/Global Services	Hector McLoughlin	713/853-6703

Thanks for your continued hard work and dedication to the success of Enron Wholesale Services.  

Gwynn,

Sally wasn't quite sure what you wanted.  She put together a little something - if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.

Opportunities for accounting professionals in traditional and in non-traditional roles, such as transaction structuring, risk analysis and commodity operations.

Patti x39106

Gwynn Gorsuch@ENRON
03/28/2001 01:56 PM
Laura Schwartz and I are working on pulling together the article that goes with the photo taken last week for the NABA national newsletter.  We get approximately 550 words to tell the Enron story in anticipation of our recruiting presence at the NABA national conference in July.  Are there any particular messages you would like us to get out there with regard to opportunities in EWS and EES for accountants?  Please let me know your thoughts before the end of next week (the sooner the better - the final due date for photo and story is April 13).

Many thanks

Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line

FYI - People tend to forget that we have some parts of the business that run 24 hours a day.  We often get notices like the one sent on March 29 below without much lead time and without regard to potential business impact.  Bob Superty has done a good job in scrambling to provide business solutions for us in gas scheduling.  This is a good team that knows how to react quickly.  --Sally 
Robert Superty
03/30/2001 02:52 PM
Sally, Bob - FYI 

I was able to get 5 telephone numbers set up on a temporary switch so if our counterparties call into the Enron building during the outage (Friday 10:00 PM until Saturday 6 AM) they will get the voicemail of the 5 key schedulers that we selected. The voicemail gives the caller contact info. (page & home #'s). In addition if they hit zero it will be forwarded to our off-hours dispatching service. The dispatching service has current contact information for every pipe we do business on.  The schedulers were also instructed to call out to their key counterparties and make sure they have page, home and cell #'s.

If I had my way all of our schedulers telephone numbers would have been put on this temporary switch but five was the best we could do. Considering the time period I think we have minimal exposure however you never know when a pipeline of market emergency could occur. 

Let me know if you have any questions, tks - Bob

Sent by:	Enron Announcements@ENRON
Enron AVAYA (formally Lucent Technologies) PBX & VoiceMail Outage for Enron Center South Conversion

Systems: 			
Enron Downtown Houston AVAYA Telephone & VoiceMail Systems 

Affected Users:			
All Enron Houston Downtown Telephone and VoiceMail Users

System Outage Duration: PHASE I	
3AC/2AC March 30, 2001 7:00PM - March 31, 2001, 12:00AM
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil March 30, 2001, 10:00PM - March 31, 2001, 6:00AM

System Outage Duration: PHASE II	
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil April 6, 2001, 10:00PM - April 7, 2001, 4:00AM

Summary:

PHASE I  March 30, 2001

All Enron telephone systems, including voicemail, will be totally out of service beginning Friday evening, March 30th.  The outage for 3 Allen Center and 2 Allen Center will begin at 7:00 PM.  The outage for the Enron Building, 500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil will begin at 10:00 PM on Friday evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 6:00 AM, Saturday morning, March 31st.  There will be emergency service available for all key groups previously identified, including security.  Also, there will red security phones provided on each floor near the stairwells, for emergency use.  If you have an emergency during the outage, please contact security at 713-853-2580.  

PHASE II  April 6, 2001

Enron Building, 500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil Enron telephone systems, including ALL voicemail users, will be totally out of service beginning Friday evening, April 6th.  The outage will begin at 10:00 PM on Friday evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 4:00 AM, Saturday morning, April 7th.  

Please approve.  
trainingorders@vertical.net on 03/30/2001 11:13:11 AM
 Course Registration/Product Purchase on 03/30/2001
This order requires your approval from you before it can be processed. To approve this order please CLICK HERE . 

Your Registration Identification Number is: 13982 

For your convenience, click here to view and print your receipt: http://www.corptraining.com/index.cfm?company=enron&fuseaction=modifyregistration&displayleft=no&displayright=no&RegistrationID=13982  

ORDER DESCRIPTION 
Vendor Name:	Enron 
Course name:  Powerpoint  Introduction
Class Date: Apr 05 2001 - Apr 05 2001
Location:  Houston TX
Student Enrolled: PATTI THOMPSON
Cancellation Policy:   Cancellation of class must be received at least 3 business days prior to class time in order to prevent charges to your Cost Center. All "No Shows" will be charged the full cost of the course. Substitutes may be sent provided they have satisfied all course prerequisites.  

This order needs to be authorized before it is processed. 

I talked with Anne Koehler in Legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from Energy Operations prior to the effective sale of HPL.  Anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term "protocol" into these discussions.  To clarify, according to Anne, the "protocol" is not anticipated to be a formal legal document.  Instead, Anne envisions simply e:mails or memos between Enron and AEP with regard to any sharing of information, agreements on processes to be followed in the transition, etc.  Operational details to be decided between Enron and AEP have been handled exactly in that manner to date, with e:mails being sent from Bob Ball (Enron) to Steve Jackson (AEP).  

Only critical changes to the Purchase and Sale Agreement will be formally documented.  Bob Hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original Purchase and Sale Agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of May.  He has worked with Enron's treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with Sandi Braband in Legal to document this change to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as an Amendment to that agreement.   As of today, Legal has completed revisions to that amendment and Anne Koehler is sending it to Mary Perkins in Enron's Treasury group for her review.  Upon Mary's review, Anne will forward the amendment to AEP for their review before final signatures.  

We devised this week a new format for incorporating the AEP-HPL transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you.  This new format incorporates the various memos and e:mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues.  Items that only require actions by Enron will be our "to do" list.  Each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress.  Those items that fall under the AEP list or which appear in both the Enron and AEP list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to AEP and/or their agreement via the e:mails or memos as suggested by Ann Koehler.  I believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written "protocol".   We will also update you weekly on the status of those e:mails and/or memos between ourselves and AEP.  

I understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the HPL sale.  To provide clarity for these update meetings, may I suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches: 

	1)  Brian and I hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that Brian has a full 		understanding of operational transition items and their status, or 

	2) I attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you.  

Please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week.  

Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE.  I can view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 attendees.  There were 30 or so, plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska.  I am missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?  If I am not missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees (all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa).  A $4,000 meal for 10 attendees looks funny.  There were many more in attendance.  The cost of the meal makes more sense with a complete list of attendees.  Thanks.  
eserver@enron.com on 03/30/2001 12:39:02 PM
The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Robert Hall
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Robert M Hall
Report Total: $5,648.12
Amount Due Employee: $5,648.12

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
http://xms.enron.com

We will get you back on the official distribution list.  For now, I am forwarding our weekly report to you.  --Sally 
Brian Heinrich
03/29/2001 07:07 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending March 28.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677

 

I would like to have my directors and senior directors take this course.  There is just one course date noted in the attachment in May.  Will there be other dates during the year?  I can't have everyone go at the same time.  I would like to get the list of dates in 2001 and then send a memo to directors and senior directors requiring them to attend one of the sessions.  Can you also get me a list of the director and senior directors that I have in EIM, EGM and EA?  Will this course also be offered in London for directors?  --Sally 

Sally, 
We can offer the Director Level "Impact and Influence"  course to all of your Directors as part of a pilot program.    I wanted to know if you want me to forward this offer to them.   Please let me know. 
Hgm

  

1)  Did you add to the numbers that Jeff and I reviewed with you on Sunday?  You had mentioned folding in some analysts and associates - did you do that?  UBS was asking me about numbers today, and I wanted to be consistent with the answers. 

2)  What about Calgary?  You were going to ask Rob M. to have Peggy Hedstrom coordinate over the weekend.  Didn't hear from her.  Are you handling this through Rob?  Or do you want me to include Calgary operations in the final org chart for Netco Operations?  --Sally 

Good response, Bob.  Thanks for leading the way on the format for that meeting.  --Sally 

Robert Superty
03/30/2001 10:59 AM
Greg, the communication and interaction between the Logistics and NomLogic teams during the product development phase has gone extremely well. Both Carrie and I are committed to making sure this continues through the internal testing and beta release with the customers. I have a strong group of experienced Logistics schedulers working closely with the NomLogic team and expect that their involvement will help us identify as many issues as possible before the customers get to see the product. 

Please feel free to call if you have any additional questions or concerns, thanks - Bob Superty (x30957)

 

Thanks for the input in yesterday's meeting.

As a follow-up, I wanted to confirm that Carrie and Bob (as module manager and mid/back office representative) will be working closely together over the next month or so to have NomLogic technology, business rules, legal structure and a system test complete before the outside customers arrive for the beta tests.

Thanks.

GP

<Embedded StdOleLink>

FYI - See attachment for latest attempt at satisfying the "ill-defined".  If this is not on target, we will keep working until it is!  - Sally 

 

All eight students that we interviewed for the Enron Scholarship were great and we should actively be sure that we get them on our interview schedules next year when they are in the second year of the MBA program.  I don't want to simply leave that to chance by encouraging them to consider us.  Karen's letter (noted below) is a good idea, but we should augment that by getting these students names on our radar screen for next year.  I will find out who the recruiter is for UT MBA's and I will get copies of the students' resumes and my notes on where they could be a good fit to that recruiter.  --Sally 
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

Are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester?  The dinner with Dean May and others from the University is great in the fall.  But last year, we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from Enron.  This can be simple and we don't have to coordinate around the schedule of any UT faculty or staff.  But it does allow Enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen.  --Sally 

I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:

Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 

Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done.  

Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!

 E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
 E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
 E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142

FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.

Thank you,

Karen Marshall

Bob,

Sally is out all day w/ UT recruiting function.  She will not be back into the office until 8:00 Thursday for CommodityLogic meeting.  I am forwarding this to Bob Hall - please check with him regarding how he would like this handled.

Thanks,
PT

Robert Superty
03/27/2001 05:14 PM
Sally, I have attached a brief document with the material you requested for Thursday's Commodity Logic meeting. 

Let me know if you would like to hand this out or just have me discuss without handouts. 

Tks - Bob Superty

 

In a recent CommodityLogic staff meeting, I took stock of the number of people and projects that I have provided from Energy Operations to that team.  From conversations that you and I have had, I get the impression that perhaps others have led you to believe that my commitment to CommodityLogic has been limited.  The truth is that I hand picked key members of the team and transferred projects that we were already undertaking in Energy Operations to round out the suite of products to be offered through CommodityLogic.  I just thought that it might be helpful for you to have the facts so that you are fully informed whenever you are involved in conversations around CommodityLogic. 

Staffing Contributions
	CommodityLogic Project Manager (NomLogic):  Carrie Slagle, Manager
	CommodityLogic Project Maanger (Integration):  Susan Harrison, Manager
	CommodityLogic Project Manager (ContactLogic)  Mary Solmonson, Senior Director
	CommodityLogic Team Member (NomLogic):  Molly Sumrow, Specialist

	User Requirement and Testing Staff:  Energy Operations Gas Schedulers, Power Confirmation Team and 		Financial Settlements 

Projects Transferred to CommodityLogic

	NomLogic (previously known as Contract Exchange in Energy Operations)
	ContactLogic (global databases in Energy Operations) 

Two of the Project Managers on the team, Carrie Slagle and Susan Harrison, were transferred from Energy Operations to CommodityLogic.  Both had worked in managerial roles in our natural gas business, reporting to Brent Price.  Both had been significantly challenged in the first half of 2000 by roles where they were charged with managing large teams of people.  But knowing both Carrie and Susan well, I viewed them as valuable members of the operations team who know a lot about the business.  Both have proven in the past to be good project leaders. Therefore, identifying them as project managers for CommodityLogic made a lot of sense -- providing gas operations experience to the CommodityLogic effort and utilizing their skills most appropriately .  Brent Price and I worked together to sell Susan and Carrie on the assignment and to transition them to their CommodityLogic roles very quickly.  

One of the key team members working under Carrie Slagle on NomLogic was a scheduler on our gas team (Molly).  Bob Hall, our opeartions controller over natural gas, suggested that a scheduler on the team would be valuable, since Carrie and Susan have actually never scheduled gas themselves.  NomLogic was already a project that was underway in Energy Operations.  We started the project shortly after the tremendous ramp up in natural gas volumes due to EOL transactions.  We called the project Contract Exchange, and Bob Superty, who is the daily manager over gas logistics, was the project sponsor.  Tom looped in our Contract Exchange project into CommodityLogic and subsequently renamed it NomLogic.  Molly had been a member of the Contract Exchange project team, and we transfered her along with the project to CommodityLogic.  

Many of my key employees in gas scheduling, confirmations and settlements work very closely with the various CommodityLogic project managers.  It is input from my group that has created the modules by defining user requirements and they have served as the testing teams as well.   

In the fall, I assigned Mary Solmonson to focus full time on CommodityLogic.  I recognized that we needed more senior level involvement and I viewed Mary's participation as a good way to leverage my time.  Previously, she was a senior director managing our Global Databases group.  With an IT development background and a very thorough knowledge of our operations business, Mary was the perfect candidate out of my direct report team to focus on CommodityLogic.  Unfortunately, her recent health problems will curtail her involvement going forward.  During the five months that she was assigned to CommodityLogic, Mary developed a plan for ContactLogic that Tom feels is excellent and notes that it is an important complement to the other modules.  

Early in the project, I had also selected two very key and knowledgeable operations professionals to be part of the  CommodityLogic team - Leslie Reeves, who played a significant role in building Enron's power business from day one, and Todd Hall, with experience in natural gas and emerging products.  They were part of the  CommodityLogic team in the early days, and both made personal decisions to exit the team and return to managing mid and back office operations.   Susan Harrison and Carrie Slagle were their replacements on CommodityLogic.    

Thanks for your list.  I will add these to our Hot List.  Let me know about the A/R.  Thanks.  

Would love to hear about your trip in more detail.  --Sally 

 	Peggy Hedstrom 03/26/2001 01:54 PM 	

The following are the main items being worked on in Calgary:

	Operational risk assessment
	Risk book conversion
	Retail operations
	Toronto support
	IT Development - staffing, identification & prioritization of office requirements
	Unify testing

I will check with Laura Scott on the A/R question and let you know.

Peg

FYI - sounds as if Michelle is accepting.  Do you have anything firm from her?  --Sally 

Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  --Sally 

                	Ms. Beck:   Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again.   Yours truly,   Michelle Yee  (512) 495-3264  myee@mail.utexas.edu  	

Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 

<Embedded StdOleLink>

FYI

I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon.  

 I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is a short one.  

Frank & Hector,

Here is the list of contractors that Kymberly sent Sally - please compare to list from Peggy McCurley that Sally gave you last week.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

 

1)  I believe that Tom Martin is talking with Chris Germany about taking the logistics role for the Texas region with Daren's planned departure.  Please coordinate with Tom and Bob Superty on where they are in this process of replacing Daren.  

2)  I am not sure that I know what database you are referencing.  He is on the current proposed org chart for Netco Energy Operations under Operational Databases (part of the Documentation team).  It is correct that his name is on the list that I provided to you yesterday.  

Let me know if you have any other questions.  --Sally 

Sally -

I have 2 questions from the list that you provided this evening.

1.  Daren Farmer is on the list for Gas Logistics.  Jeanie advised that Daren resigned and his last day is Friday.  Need a replacement.

2.  Israel Estrada is on the list for Documentation, however, he is no longer showing in our database.  Do we need to add back?

Thanks again!
Amy

I am so glad that you will be able to interview.  I will look forward to seeing you in Austin on Wednesday.  --Sally 

Loftus Fitzwater@ENRON
03/23/2001 08:37 AM
Sally & Karen:

I will be able to make it on Wednesday and look forward to the trip.  It will be great to be involved on the other side of the table.  I have made flight arrangements and will see you on Wednesday.  

Karen - my location is 3137a if you have any material to deliver. 

Fitz

Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  --Sally 

                	Ms. Beck:   Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again.   Yours truly,   Michelle Yee  (512) 495-3264  myee@mail.utexas.edu  	

Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com 

Bob & Leslie,

Sally asked me to set up several meetings for next week.   1st one - subject:  exactly what CommodityLogic is going to mean to us and how it will work for us.  She wants the two of you plus:  Leslie - can you designate your best person for ConfirmLogic & InvoiceLogic and Bob your best person for NomLogic.  Probably 1 &1/2 hours Monday.  Please let me know your availability.

2nd one:  Will probably be Thursday morning - can you check availability for this one also (2 hours).  Participants would be all of the above + Greg Piper, Tom Gros, Carrie Slagle, Project Managers for InvoiceLogic, ConfirmLogic, & BankLogic + Mark Taylor in Legal.  Purpose:  Discussion between Project Managers and end users on CommodityLogic.

I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.  I will talk to Greg's assistant re: his availability on Thursday and get back with you on 2nd meeting.

Thanks,
Patti x39106

I will be in New York on business on March 30th.  Sorry that I will not be =
able to attend.  The other person that I would send in my place is Beth Apo=
llo.  However, she will be on vacation next week.  Can you give me any info=
 that may be made available?  Thanks. =20

Gwynn Gorsuch@ENRON
03/22/2001 03:31 PM
You are invited to an Open House on=20
Friday, March 30, 2001

When: =099:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.=20

Where:  =09Conference Room EB 42c1

Why:=09Learn about:=20

?=09diversity recruiting sources, including upcoming conferences=20
?=09diversity training=20
?=09harrassment training (free!)
?=09EEO training for managers (free!)
?=09training/development conferences=20
?=09affirmative action:  what is it, what is it not, what it means for you
?=09diversity publications

Tell us:=20

?=09What will help your organization
?=09What will help you do diversity better
?=09How we can help you do your jobs better

Who:=09Your friends in Corp. Diversity and the Office of Labor and Employme=
nt Relations

Bonus:=09Snacks and Munchies galore

See you there,

Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line
713.646.2144 fax

Here is Rick's response - sounds more like a concern on his part on losing people and some of their reasons cited for leaving.  Do you know who has left?  
Sally- got your voice mail as well. Don't want to create more meetings. Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk. I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified. It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested. I need to hear what the nature of the problems are. Some I know like ees, metals, uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here. No need for you to attend. I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all! Rick

Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues".  My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum.   --Sally 

I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well. 

I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.

Thanks, Rick

Leslie Reeves and I met today with Mark Taylor and Mark Haedicke to discuss the eliminination of confirmations for transacations executed on EnronOnline.  Mark Taylor has been supportive of the elimination of confirmations, and in the meeting today Mark Haedicke agreed.  This elimination of confirmations will have to be reviewed on a counterparty by counterparty basis, and for each counterparty, commodity by commodity.  

Next steps:  Document EOL process and records that can evidence the execution of a transaction (ease of availability, type of 		record available, retention schedule for records, etc. (Sheri Thomas?)

	       Create a priortized list of counterparties to be approached for elimination of confirmations - large number of 			transactions, those that have asked for paper-relief, etc. (Leslie Reeves/Kim Theriot)

	        Set up meeting with Andy Zipper, Jay Webb, Tom Gros, Mark Taylor, Jeff Hodge (Legal-Physical Gas), Elizabeth 		Saeger (Legal-Power), and Leslie Reeves to review game plan for elimination of confirmations and impact on 		ConfirmLogic (my assistant will set up meeting) 

FYI
I spoke with Sally regarding the cessation of sending confirms for EnronOnline transactions, and she mentioned that the question was raised as to how long we store transaction details on EnronOnline.

We store all transactions on the database since inception, in order to facilitate customer transaction searches. This data is the basic buy/sell, commodity, location, volume, price, customer, userid, and time info. In addition for a rolling 45 day period we store the web server info which is much more detailed and has product ID's, session ID's and so forth. At the end of 45 days it is archived and retrievable. when you put these two together you have a very complete picture of what happened to a transaction attempt.

I hope this answers any questions you may have. If not let me know.

Andy Zipper

I enjoyed lunch, too.  Glad you included Kristin.  When do Jo and the kids leave for England?  We should try to have lunch with our gangs before then.  Let me know.  --Sally 

I enjoyed lunch. Nice to get together.

Talk soon.

B.

Thanks for the invitation.  I will be out of town April 25 through 27, so unfortunately I will have to miss the game.  --Sally

Please open the attached slide for an invitation for the CommodityLogic TeamBuilding.

 << File: BallGame Outing.ppt >> 

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at ext. 35586.

Thank you.

Maria Sandoval
Sr. Administrative Asst.
CommodityLogic Dept.
office: 713-853-5586
fax: 713-345-7771

Please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. 
Please join us for a floor meeting consisting of a general overview and Q&A Session.

Date:			Tuesday, May 2, 2001
Time:		2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.
Location:		In front of EB3746A

Philippe & Greg

Thanks.  --Sally 

FYI.

FYI

Raj and Kristin:

Sorry for the delay in sending you the list.   Traveling between New York
and Houston sometimes takes away valuable working hours.   As discussed in
the meeting, the attached list is very preliminary and is an on-going
working document.  Forms A, B and C are provided to you to illustrate the
type of information we would like to capture upon detailed analysis of the
trading positions and the associated market values.  At this juncture,
please do not complete any of these forms until we have further
discussions.

Regards,
Cindy

Cindy Ma
Corporate Finance
Ernst & Young LLP
787 Seventh Avenue
New York, NY 10019
PH: 212 773 2638
FAX: 212 773 8008
EY Comm: 9362463

(See attached file: Info Request_Jan 11_02.xls)

______________________________________________________________________
The information contained in this message may be privileged and
confidential and protected from disclosure.  If the reader of this message
is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for
delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error,
please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it
from your computer.  Thank you.  Ernst & Young LLP

Glad you followed up - I don't know why you would have been deleted, but I am glad that is straightened out. I will look for the feedback form via e-mail.  Thanks. 

Sally,

After some phone calls today, I learned that I was deleted from the attendee list for May 16 and 17.  However, they stretched and admitted me.  Because of the "late" entry, the process for soliciting feedback is different than other attendees.  I provided my list today, and as I understand it, they will be sending the solicitation via E-mail to you.

Just wanted to give you a heads up.

Thanks for your feedback.

Brenda

Thanks for your note.  I am glad that you liked the pictures.  We would love to have you here for the recital and to spend the night.  If you thought it would work, you could come over on Monday night and we could enjoy dinner together.  I could take the day off from work on Tuesday and we could do some fun things, before what would probably be a more rushed dinner Tuesday night before heading to Amanda's recital.  Then you could make your drive back on Wednesday after breakfast.  
Whatever works for you will be great, though.  

I am heading to Los Angeles tomorrow for the National Charity League National meeting.  Patti is sending you my flight and hotel info.  My Thursday night is open, and I will be getting with Sue that night.  She lives in Whittier, so not too far for her to come and pick me up.  I know that we will have a good time catching up. 

Sally, thanks so much for your mailing-the pictures were wonderful especially  
good and really like the one of the three of you,  David, and Meagan!   
Dad and I feel that driving over for the Mother's Day brunch and then staying  
for the recital would be too long.  You are always so gracious about inviting  
us to your special events 
1.  However, we are making plans to drive over for the recital and spend the  
night then, if that would be all right?  Still comtemplating about the  
baseball game- I know it would be quite a wonderul experience to see the new  
field.  Will let you know soon. 
Love,   
Mom.  

We have set Monday, June 11 for the date of our Operations PRC that will include employees that are supporting ENA, EGM and EIM.  You mentioned that your functional PRC will be set for sometime between June 7 and June 14.  It would certainly be best from my point of view if my PRC occurs prior to your functional PRC.  While a number of PRC meetings will be held within Operations during the week of June 4 in preparation for our June 11th meeting, that will be the first date where we will cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across ENA, EGM and EIM operations.  

I thought that it might be helpful to know the date of my operations PRC meeting in setting the date for your meeting.  Please let me know as soon as a date has been set for your PRC.  

Thanks.  

Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 

You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar.  

My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting.  

I always like to heart good news.  I can't say that I have been deluged with examples since that meeting in January.  I will ask Patti to set up a meeting sometime this week for us to get together.  --Sally 

As you closed the Operational Risk Meeting you asked us to inform you of good news.  Therefore, I would like to meet with you for about 30 minutes to give you a brief update on the expanding role of Global Rates Services.  I gave both Beth and James this brief presentation and would like to share it with you, when you get a few minutes in your hectic schedule.

Please let me know when you get a few moments.

I can't say that this will make me sad to lose this job.  Enjoy it!  --Sally 

Just in case you really miss all those emails you previously received, Andy has approved moving this responsibility to me....I know you are going to miss those dearly!

hope all is well!
Sheri

I don't recall making this request.  Who did you hear this from?  Maybe tha=
t person could shed light on this for both of us.=20

There was some confusion among the HR groups a couple of weeks ago with the=
 name that was assigned to your cost center for accounting purposes - didn'=
t match the organizational name that is used for your group.  I wonder if t=
hat is where this is coming from?  Norma (whose last name I don't know) who=
 works for Robert Jones in HR was in the midst of the confusion.  The RC na=
me that was used had "IBS" in it and was rather long, but didn't obviously =
seem to relate to your team.  Question was whether or not this RC reported =
in through Operations.  When I asked Norma to read me the names of employee=
s in that RC, it included Kathy Reeves and her team.  I told her that we ha=
d not used the term "IBS" in a while.  Norma asked if the RC name should be=
 consistent with the organizational name of the group.  I said that makes s=
ense and she said she would follow up on that.  But that should have been a=
 name change, not the opening of a new cost center.  See if any of this inf=
o gets us back on the right track.  --Sally=20

I understand that you requested that a separate Cost Center be set up for t=
he Calgary Risk group.  Any special reason?  Do I need to set up separate C=
ost Centers for the rest of my departments? =20
Peg

I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th.  If you join us for discussions on VP's, we will review Brent Price, Bob Hall, Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo.  If you want to sit in on review of senior directors, that would pick up Leslie Reeves, James Scribner, Brenda Herod, Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover.  --Sally 

I would love to hear more about the people who work for you.  However, I don't want to disrupt.  

Have it put on my calender and I can come to it when you are getting ready to do VPs.

Your thoughts?

GP

Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 

You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar.  

My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting.  

Enron made most offers to summer interns as a result of campus interviews several months ago.  At that time, I had surveyed my direct reports to determine the number of summer interns that we thought we could effectively accomodate and I provided that number to the recruiting staff.  I understand from Ted Bland that the recruiting team is in the process of assigning summer interns to job opportunities and needs.  You might check with Lexi Elliot (one of the campus recruiters) to see if the number of incoming interns has matched the business needs.  If we have more jobs than interns, then Lexi could help in the process of interviewing Debbie for a position.  My last conversation with Ted Bland led me to believe that we had a sufficient number of incoming interns, but it wouldn't hurt to check with Lexi.  --Sally 

Hi Sally,
I just wanted to touch base and see if you know of anyone who has an opening in their dept for a summer student.  Debbie Wang is a third year marketing major and is interested in working at Enron.  She is the daughter of an I/T developer which I mentioned to you previously (Richard Wang).  I would appreciate any thoughts...

Thanks,
Avril
x58768

On PRC:  In the next few days, I will be able to give Tina an idea on the time when we will start Senior Directors in the June 11th meeting and we will keep you posted that day on timing. 

Contracts:  I met this morning with Robert Jones and Ryan Seleznov on contracts for Brent and Bob.  They were going to get with Michelle Cash today with the goal of having contract drafts for me by the end of the day. (Legal has their offsite starting Wednesday, so we will be out of luck for legal help after today.)  I will keep you posted.  I believe that these new contracts will be well received. 

Q2 Goals:  Patti has the meeting on my calendar with you and Philippe for next Monday at 3:00.  

--Sally 

I would like to come in at the senior director level.

Also, Robert told me you would get Brent and Bob done on contracts.

Also, I am setting up a meeting Monday with you, me and Philippe to just review your mid/back office goals for Q2.  Hopefully we can get a consensus on you spending most of your time with operations goals this quarter.  Assuming we can reach agreement, we can then go give Whalley the facts.

Thanks.

GP

I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th.  If you join us for discussions on VP's, we will review Brent Price, Bob Hall, Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo.  If you want to sit in on review of senior directors, that would pick up Leslie Reeves, James Scribner, Brenda Herod, Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover.  --Sally 

I would love to hear more about the people who work for you.  However, I don't want to disrupt.  

Have it put on my calender and I can come to it when you are getting ready to do VPs.

Your thoughts?

GP

Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 

You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar.  

My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting.  

Let's coordinate on needs for confirmations and settlements.  Can someone on your team specify what their needs will be?  Then we can determine the best method to obtain the machines.  I will have copies of the floor plans for 5 and 6 sometime this morning -- we should determine best placement for these.  --Sally 
Sally,  it doesn't appear that the fax machines already in ECS will be sufficient for your needs.  Let me know if you would like us to assist your group in getting additional fax machines.  I have to believe that there are numerous excess machines around here.   JR

Jenny --

There are 25 owned and 6 leased fax machines on ECS 05 & 06 per the UBS asset scheduled.  After doing a walk though on the floors, the machines are concentrated in certain business areas.  Current machine placement will not accommodate the type of usage that I suspect Sally's group will need to have.

My suggestion is that the settlements group(s) bring their fax machines with them, and we have the numbers changed.

Paige

S. Paige Cox
Director 
Global Infrastructure
Enron Net Works
office:	713-853-5428
cell:	281-830-1111
paige.cox@enron.com

Did the numbers that we gave you yesterday on Operations hold up after your meeting with UBS?

Amy Fitzpatrick is calling me to get names.  Our primary focus yesterday was on number of positions.  We identified names in most cases, but not all.  Before that is finalized and I pass names along to Amy, I wanted to know if we were okay with the numbers.   Please let me know.  Names can be finalized this afternoonis we are set on numbers.    

--Sally
x35926

Cell:  713-417-1591  

FYI ---

We should discuss on the next call
 
Michael R Brown
25/04/2001 16:59
Industrial Markets (led by Bruce Garner in Europe and Jeff McMahon worldwide) is expecting significant growth this year.  

Jeff and Bruce expect that by year end, they will have approximately 45 commercial people in Europe and will need significant support for their efforts.

This is a very exciting new business area for us in Europe and we need to ensure that they have sufficient resource dedicated to help them in their efforts.  Could each of you sit down with Bruce and agree the resource which will be dedicated to his group.  As a base proposition, all resources should be sourced out of Europe and each group must have at least one person who is accountable to Bruce for support.  Costs will be re-charged in the normal way.

Please let Jeff and I know what is agreed and call me if there are any difficulties.

Thanks.

Michael

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Thanks for copying me on Michael Brown's note.  Brenda Herod flew to London last night and should be in the London office today.  I am sure that she will be spending some time with you on this.  She and I visited briefly yesterday about an effective model for support in London for the pulp and paper effort.  So as to not steal her thunder, it will suffice to say that I am comfortable that the two of you can hit upon a good solution and that it will feel much more cooperative than the existing EGM model.  --Sally 

We should discuss on the next call
 
Michael R Brown
25/04/2001 16:59
Industrial Markets (led by Bruce Garner in Europe and Jeff McMahon worldwide) is expecting significant growth this year.  

Jeff and Bruce expect that by year end, they will have approximately 45 commercial people in Europe and will need significant support for their efforts.

This is a very exciting new business area for us in Europe and we need to ensure that they have sufficient resource dedicated to help them in their efforts.  Could each of you sit down with Bruce and agree the resource which will be dedicated to his group.  As a base proposition, all resources should be sourced out of Europe and each group must have at least one person who is accountable to Bruce for support.  Costs will be re-charged in the normal way.

Please let Jeff and I know what is agreed and call me if there are any difficulties.

Thanks.

Michael

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Please approve this request.  Brent Price is my direct report and is responsible for the RC's included in this request.  Thanks.  --Sally Beck 

Let's try this one?..    Sally, can you please approve this for Brent. He need his log on passwords to approve online?. Thank you 

					For approval please send an email to SAP Security approving this attachment? 

Dear Ms. Villanueva,

Your iBuyit Security Request Form arrived with no roles, such as 'Employee' or 'Approver,'  checked. Unfortunately, we are unable to begin processing Mr. Price's request until we receive a copy of the iBuyit Security.doc with his choices noted in the appropriate check boxes. Please, resubmit the form with the desired  choices checked. 

Furthermore, to facillitate the rapid and smooth processing of this Security Request Form, you should be aware that those requesting the user role of "Approver" must have their supervisor email the request to us AND that the Supervisor must state, in the body of the email, that the request is appoved.

Thanks,
Karen
SAP Security

Brent has just been asked to approve on Ibuyit and we have not requested passwords,  can this be processed quickly. We're not sure of the timing on the return for the request currently out there for Brent.  Please let me know as soon as we can get a password for him.  Thank you so much  << File: brentibuyitsecurity.doc >>  

I have put the staff meeting referenced at the bottom of John's message on my calendar.  Please check with Kim on the location and as to whether or not future dates are set.  Also, please check to see if date for offsite has been set.  We are trying to schedule a vacation, and it would help to know the dates of the offsite.  Thanks. 
Hello everyone.

In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success. 

I would like suggestions as to:

1)  Where to go.

2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.

3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain. 

4)  And any other ideas you have.

In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference.    

Regards

John

FYI -

Tom/Sally,
The Financial and Power Confirmation team performed testing this morning as well as this afternoon on the ConfirmLogic module.  Testing went extremely well in both cases.  We feel very comfortable with the functionality and display of information contained within the module.  All of our major issues have been resolved.  Therefore, I am comfortable giving my approval that ConfirmLogic is ready for release to the Beta Customers for testing.  Below is a comprehensive list of the current business parameters as well as the business issues to be discussed and resolved during Beta testing.

Kim Theriot
 

Dear Kim:

The CommodityLogic team presents ConfirmLogic to Enron for the beta program, which Enron will be a key participant. The following are the current parameters for how the system will perform during this program.

Negative Confirmation
?If deal status is 'Pending' and current date is 3 business days past the post date; ConfirmLogic changes deal status from 'Pending' to 'Confirmed'. 

Updating Existing Deals
?No restrictions on updates - counterparties can send deal changes at any time for any deal.

	
Viewing Confirmed Deals
?ConfirmLogic allows view-only capability to deals that have been confirmed (user cannot post inquiry or add deal number).

Deal Types Offered
?ConfirmLogic will be offering the following deal types:  
Financial Natural Gas: Swaps, Gas Daily Swap, Options, Gas Daily Options Swaptions
Financial Power: Swaps, Options, Swaptions
Physical Power: Forwards, Index Forwards, Options, Swaption 

During the beta program the following open issues related to the system functionality will be discussed with our beta clients in order to establish an industry standard.  The goal will be to modify the system with the final business rules for the commercial release.  Enron will participate in the discussion and decision making process during the program.

Negative Confirmation
?Mirror industry standard and apply same rule for all deal types.
	
Expiration of Inquired Deals
?Expire inquired deals when no actions have been taken for a defined period of time.

Updating Existing Deals  
?Allow updates and develop method for defining intent of information published to CommodityLogic.

Agreement on Other Terms
?Assumed agreement for terms not presented in ConfirmLogic in place between counterparties before committing to use module.

Regards, 
Kathryn Cordes, ModuleManager ConfirmLogic

Please see if you can get this to print so that I get all of the info.  I tried it 100 times on Friday and could only one page to print, which did not include all of the information.  Thanks.  NEED THIS TODAY.  
Sally,
The attached file shows the detail of plan headcount for December 31, 1998 through 2001.  The only number that I still have a question about, is for EGM December 2001, the number I have in the file only represents the people moving into Networks from EGM (Brent's group).  I left a message with Tom Myers, to get the correct number.  
I have also added the graphs that we discussed, which show increase in headcount along with increase in deal counts.
If you have any questions, let me know.
Thanks,
Brian

 

You are welcome to attend any of these.  In fact, it is helpful for cross calibration purposes if there is some cross over in the meetings.  Do get with Jeff and Stacey before the meetings to give them ffeedback on those book administrators who are problematic.  

PATTI:  Please add Beth to the attendee list for the Risk and Settlements PRC meetings.  Thanks. 

Do you mind if I attend the Risk Management PRC   -- I really want to bring up the folks who are creating problems on a regular basis for Shona's team

Also wouldn't mind attending the Settlements one  -- just as a reference point for some of the GCP folks

Beth
The dates have been set for the Mid Year PRC pre-meetings (with exception of EGM & EIM) and Sally's final PRC meeting .  I have attached a preliminary listing of the meetings and their possible participants - most of these names are from last year's list.  Please check your pre-meeting list and make whatever additions/deletions that you see fit.  Additionally, if you have a major conflict with any of these dates, please let me know immediately.  Please return this back to me with your final attendee list - by Monday if possible.

Thanks for your assistance,
Patti x39106

 << File: Energy Ops - PRC Meetings Mid Yr 2001.xls >> 

We are planning a meeting with the teams lead by Meredith,  Mark Evans and Mary Lynne Ruffner this afternoon - you should be getting information from Meredith shortly with time and location.  During that meeting we will clarify this memo for everyone.  --Sally 
Sally,

help!! what does this exactly mean to me & my group??

Regards,
NH
Given the growth in EES it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between EES and EWS.  This will provide EES with the systems, resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities.

With this in mind and in agreement with the management of EES, two new risk groups inside Enron Americas will be formed to provide EES with pricing, structuring, retail and wholesale commodity risk management, logistics and back-office services.  These groups main function is to provide these services to EES.  We have asked Rogers Herndon, currently Vice President-Trading in the Eastern Power Group to manage this function in the Eastern Interconnect (this includes both gas and power).  Rogers will continue to report to Kevin Presto.  We have asked Don Black, formerly Vice President-EES Risk Management and Sourcing, to manage this function in the Western U.S.  Don will manage this group from Houston and will report to Tim Belden.

These groups will work very closely with EES to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations.

These changes are effective immediately.  Please congratulate Rogers and Don on their new roles.

John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

At the end of my 3:00 meeting with Philippe and Greg today I will get clarification about the international travel.  It is hard for me to believe that Philippe or Beth Perlman or Greg Piper will fly coach to London.  I will keep you posted.  -Sally 

I assume this (number 8)  coach class international travel does not apply to doorstep.  We will not get anyone to go to these places if so.

Also, what about London travel?
Beth

Please review and abide by the following travel policy and best practices.

Feel free to call either Tina Spiller or Peggy McCurley if you have any travel policy questions. 

Thank you.

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/teupdated.doc

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/enwtravelbroch.pdf

FYI - You may want to review the process for managing stacks on EOL and be certain that those to whom access is granted is in compliance with the list of authorized traders maintained by RAC.  I don't think that RAC needs to have approval, but we should be cross referencing requests to manage stacks on EOL with the approved trader list.  This may be part of your process.  If not, it probably should be incorporated.  Then you may want to educate the RAC team on your approval process.  Let me know if you need and help or support from me.  

Hope that all is well.  --Sally 
FYI
Help!

It appears that EOL is being given out to people who have not received authorization to trade.  The latest is someone reporting up through Jean Mrha. (John Grass)  Why doesn't RAC require that anyone requesting authorization to get EOL get approved through RAC.  I'm sure Lavo doesn't know (or maybe he does) that we have yet another unauthorized trader to rein in.

Any suggestions?

Frank

Congratulations on a job done well in a short period of time.  Your note of thanks to everyone was a nice one.   I am sure that the team appreciates your leadership.  --Sally 

The Estate version of the systems were commissioned successfuly onto Estate hardware this weekend with the users completing their testing on sunday, and it looks as though we are in good shape for doing the same for NetCo this week.
 
Just a few weeks ago there was a lot of doubts that it could be done, but thanks to a great display of team work, and just plain hard work, with many late nights (and a few sleep overs....), we met our first major milestone!!!!!
 
Thanks for the outstanding efforts over the last two weeks, that made this weekend possible.  
 
<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" />best regards

Steve

 

Thanks for copying me on this note.  I have sent a suggestion to Sheri and asked her to respond to Frank  Hayden.  --Sally 

FYI
Help!

It appears that EOL is being given out to people who have not received authorization to trade.  The latest is someone reporting up through Jean Mrha. (John Grass)  Why doesn't RAC require that anyone requesting authorization to get EOL get approved through RAC.  I'm sure Lavo doesn't know (or maybe he does) that we have yet another unauthorized trader to rein in.

Any suggestions?

Frank

Good solution - and you are right, this falls under our normal Educational Assistance program.  Thanks for the update.  --Sally 

Just to keep you in the loop.  I have encouraged here not to go for the "Executive Program" but to go for a regular MBA at U of H  -- there will be no time off of work, it is an evening/weekend program.

I am in the process of filling out a reference form for her.

My understanding is that this falls under the normal Enron Educational assistance program and we don't have to get any other approvals.

Is this the correct approach?

Beth

The name that I couldn't remember when we spoke yesterday if Geoffrey Mann - Americas CEO.  Accompanying him will be Jim Martino from the Austin office.  They will be here at 9:00 and I will have them come to the 33rd floor and I will meet with them for a few minutes.  Then I can call you and walk them to wherever you are going to meet with them. 

Again, thanks for making this work for your schedule.  Business decisions about what Viviance can provide for you are clearly yours.  I do appreciate your willingness to give them your time and a fair "audience".  I know that my sister is very bullish on the quality of the product that they deliver.  

I look forward to seeing you again on Thursday morning and to meeting Mr. Mann.  You will need to check in at the front desk in the lobby.  Usually, the process is that they will call to let me know that you are here.  My extention is 35926.  You will get a visitors badge and then you will go to the 33rd floor.  There is a reception area on 33.  I will meet you there.  --Sally Beck 

Tom,

Thanks for returning my call. Our CEO Geoffrey Mann is in Austin from New
York and he and I will be meeting with Sally Beck at 9am on Thursday at
Enron. My understanding is that Sally will walk us down to your office after
we finish.

I look forward to discussing how we can assist you with your e-learning
needs on Leadership Training and other content that needs to be technology
enabled.

Please contact me with any questions.

Best Regards,

Jim Martino
Vice President of Sales
Viviance new education, Inc.
200 East Sixth St. Ste. 301
Austin, Texas 78701
Tel:512-481-1595
Fax:512-481-9525
website: www.viviance.com
email: jmartino@viviance.com
"We increase your Return on Education"

Hello Tom,

Joel from our New York office has briefed me on your elearning needs for
Leadership Training. I would like to discuss these with you further and
would be interested in coming out to visit with you in person. I am setting
up a meeting with
some other folks at Enron next week in Houston to discuss opportunities and
would like to see you on the same day if your schedule permits. How does
your schedule look for next week?

I look forward to hearing from you.

Regards,

Jim Martino
Vice President of Sales
Viviance new education, Inc.
200 East Sixth St. Ste. 301
Austin, Texas 78701
Tel:512-481-1595
Fax:512-481-9525
website: www.viviance.com
email: jmartino@viviance.com
"We increase your Return on Education"

Joel,

The following in a description of the classes we currently use in our
"leadership series."  For discussion reasons we'll refer t these classes
as "modules."  We are in the process of populating the list of module
classes with several offerings based on the following competencies:

Communication
Delegation
Staff development
Self development (leadership in general/technical skills)
conflict management
project management
performance feedback
motivating others
Goal setting

The outline of how we plan to implement the new leadership series is
attached.  Let me know if you have any questions....
 <<Manager Leader Training.doc>>

Thanks,
Tom
713.345.7536

Coaching for Performance
DESCRIPTION:
Participants will understand and practice coaching skills for improving
and maintaining job performance and commitment. As a result of the
module, participants will learn new approaches and tools to use in the
workplace that improve job skills, reinforce and increase performance
levels, and enhance employee job satisfaction and commitment. -
Understand the definition and purposes of coaching - Use
performance-problem analysis to identify the cause(s) of performance
problems and determine what the coaching focus should be - Practice
performance observation and document skills - Practice the discussion
steps for conducting coaching sessions to improve or reinforce
performance - Distinguish between formal and informal coaching and apply
the GPAR process for conducting an informal coaching sessions

Delegating and Directing
DESCRIPTION:
Participants learn to balance two dimensions of management: delegating
appropriate responsibility and authority to employees, while maintaining
sufficient monitoring and control. As a result of the module,
participants will be able to utilize management practices that enhance
efficiency and empowerment of employees. - Understand the relationship
between delegating and directing. - Understand the task-related and
employee-related considerations for successful delegating and directing.
- Identify opportunities for increasing and enhancing delegation and
direction on the job. - Support the increase of commitment and
productivity while reducing managerial stress.

Meeting Leadership Challenges
DESCRIPTION:
This module introduces the challenges and rewards of managing people and
helps participants create a plan for successfully meeting leadership
challenges. As a result of the module, participants will have an
understanding of the supervisory leadership role, and of their strengths
as they apply their leadership knowledge and skills. - Recognize three
skills needed to survive in times of accelerated change. - Review the
process of growth and change as explained by the Growth Curve. -
Understand the skills and abilities required of Doers and managers. -
Develop a vision of the ideal manager/supervisor/team leader. - Do a
reality check through self-assessment. - Create an action plan to
develop the skills, abilities and confidence to make the vision a
reality.

Communicating Effectively
DESCRIPTION:
Participants will learn the skills that facilitate and promote good
communication, as well as the behaviors that indicate a willingness to
communicate with others. As a result of the module, participants will
have new models and tools that enhance their willingness and ability to
communicate in the workplace. Understand the reason for, and
consequences of, poor communication. Apply the tools of good
communication: Responsive Listening, Questioning, Restating, and
Empathy. Practice using these communication tools in a work situation.
Identify behaviors that indicate positive and negative attitudes toward
communicating with others. Develop a strategy for overcoming barriers to
using communication skills on the job.

Motivating for results
DESCRIPTION:
This module will explore the supervisor's or team leader's role in
establishing conditions that allow direct reports and team members to
motivate themselves. As a result of the module, participants will gain
new models and tools to use in ways that influence employee motivation.
- Understand the Performance With Fulfillment module - Define motivation
- Relate the five factors of the Leadership and Motivation Model to
motivation - Apply skills/tools to put the Leadership and Motivation
Model into practice - Create an action plan for specific direct reports
or team members

Working Styles
DESCRIPTION:
This module helps participants understand how they perceive others and
how others perceive them on the basis of behavioral clues. It also
discusses what they can learn from those clues about working together
effectively. As a result of the module, participants will experience
less interpersonal tension with members of the team, or work unit, as a
result of knowing how to adapt to others' styles. They will also attain
a more collaborative focus at work because of energy saved from lack of
interpersonal tension - Understand the features of the four basic
working styles - Understand how others perceive you with regard to
working styles - Understand the concept of versatility and how it
impacts working together effectively - Practice versatility skills -
Understand the supervision and leadership issues relating to working
styles

 - Manager Leader Training.doc << File: Manager Leader Training.doc >> 

Your list looked good and I approved all as reviewers.  We can talk about how the VP PRC process works - there will be an opportunity there to provide info to various commercial MD's that will be in attendance at the meeting.  We will make sure that we prepare the attendees well.  --Sally 

   I put some review customers in the system.  Don't feel all that great about them, (from a commercial feedback standpoint)  Wondered if you feel these are appropriate.  We may not hear from some of these people -- but it is worth a shot.

I am open to any suggesions you have

Beth

Thanks for joining us for dinner last week.   It was good to see you again as well.  I hope that your temporary move to Houston goes smoothly.  Please call me with a contact number for you this summer.  We can get together while you are in town for your summer internship.  --Sally 

Hi Sally 
Good to see you again and thanks a lot for dinner last night.  I had a great time plus a good meal.  
Good luck with your daughter's college application and have a wonderful weekend! 
Warm regards 
Soo Pang 

I know that the timing on choosing these interns was short.  Thanks for responding back to Jana so quickly.  And now most of them will be here next Monday!  Please be certain that you and your assistant are actively working on a location, phone and computer (with necessary access granted) for these interns.  I want to be certain that all interns have a very positive introduction to working at Enron.  

This list excludes those that will assigned to EGM under Brent Price and his team.  As soon as I get an updated list from Jana, I will schedule a meeting for this week so that we can discuss how we will make the internships a success this summer.  All ideas will be welcome, so get creative before coming to the meeting.  Thanks.  --Sally  

Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:

Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.

I want to keep track of summer interns.  Please make me a desk file.  This list is missing summer interns under Brent.  I have asked Jana to send me an updated list.  I have also sent her a message letting her know that Sheri Thomas now reports into Andy Zipper and that she needs to communicate with Sheri and Andy directly regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  

Also, did you keep copies of resumes of the analysts?  Can you pull resumes for the interns that will be assigned to us?  I would like to review them.  

I also want to hold a meeting later this week with all supervisors who will have interns reporting to them.  Please check with the listed supervisor on Jana's list.  If one of their direct reports will actually be the primary supervisor, please get that name.  Thanks. -Sally 

Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:

Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.

FYI 
Your list does not include any interns under Brent Price ( he is one of my direct reports as well).  I understood that he does have some summer interns.  Can you update this list for me to include his interns?  

Also, as of April 1, Sheri Thomas now reports to Andy Zipper in ENW, and not to me.  We included her on the distribution of resumes for summer interships since she originally was part of my team.  From this point forward, however, you should communicate directly with Sheri and Andy Zipper regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  I just want to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks for these interns as we make organizational changes.  .  Thanks.  --Sally 

Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:

Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.

Could I be included in these update meetings?  Rather than read the material after the fact and have you review it with me separately, it seems that it would make sense for me to be included in the update meeting that you hold with Rick.  Assuming that Rick is comfortable with that, can we do that going forward?  If all agree, please ask your assistant to let me know if a date has already been set for the next update.  Thanks.  .  

for the 3 pm meeting ( 9 am Houston time )
 
Fiona McNaught
14/05/2001 10:18
 << File: MO Update May 2001.ppt >> 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Happy for Hector and Laura to attend.  --Sally 

I plan to attend, but would like to ask Hector McLoughlin and Laura Kinningham to attend if that is ok.  My role as Net Works HR support is winding down and Hector and Laura will have the direct interface with you and your direct reports.

Robert has talked to me about possibly working in another HR role for awhile and I should know more about that today or tomorrow.

Just a short note to let all of you know that the "Daily Update" Meeting for today is ON!.........

	Time:		2:00pm
	Location:	ECS 04075

Thanks,

Christina Valdez
Asst. to Sally Beck
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone - 713.853-9106
Fax     - 713.345.8100
christina.valdez@enron.com

Please print atttachment for me.  Thanks. 

for the 3 pm meeting ( 9 am Houston time )
 
Fiona McNaught
14/05/2001 10:18
 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Here are the two for Brent.  Please get copies of resumes from Jana.  Please set up a meeting for later this week with all who will be supervisors of interns.  Include Brent as well.  Thanks.  (thirty minutes will be fine) 

Sally,
The only people that will go to Brent's world are M. Yee who will be reporting to Todd Hall and Anne Beylin who will be reporting to Tom Myers.  Sorry about not getting them on the list.  We will work with Sheri through Andy Zipper's world going forward.  Thanks so much and if you need anything else, please let me know.  Thanks.

Your list does not include any interns under Brent Price ( he is one of my direct reports as well).  I understood that he does have some summer interns.  Can you update this list for me to include his interns?  

Also, as of April 1, Sheri Thomas now reports to Andy Zipper in ENW, and not to me.  We included her on the distribution of resumes for summer interships since she originally was part of my team.  From this point forward, however, you should communicate directly with Sheri and Andy Zipper regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  I just want to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks for these interns as we make organizational changes.  .  Thanks.  --Sally 

Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:

Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.

Let's talk about this one.  _sally 
Sally,
FYI -- 
Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
Best regards,
Sarabeth Smith
 

Thanks for your note.  I have sent a message to Beth Apollo, who is James' supervisor.  Beth is out for the next two days, and will return to the office on Wednesday.  I will make sure that Beth and James make a point of talking with you about this opportunity.  --Sally 

Sally,
FYI -- 
Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
Best regards,
Sarabeth Smith
 << File: Resume of Sarabeth Smith.doc >> 

You may want to consider her.  We can discuss.  --Sally 

Sally,
FYI -- 
Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
Best regards,
Sarabeth Smith
 

I regret that I will miss the first Global Accounting Steering Committee Meeting on Tuesday, May 15.  I am taking that day as a vacation day while my parents are in Houston for Amanda's piano recital. 

I will be in attendance at the next two meetings in May - the 22nd CAO Meeting and the 29th Steering Committee Meeting.  

I will be out of the office on Tuesday, May 15.  I am taking a vacation day while my parents will be in town for my daughter's piano recital.  Patti (x39106) has cell and home numbers where I can be reached.  I will be back in the office on Wednesday, May 16.  

Please print attachment in color.  Also print all other recent e:mails from Mechelle.  Thanks. 

Sally,
This is the communication summary we discussed.  I have detail behind the steps if you have any questions or would like to see more.  

Please note that the "Management Closing Meeting" is referring to the meetings w/you and Wes that Bauer/Sorrells have been conducting in the past.

Thank you.
Mechelle

 
P.S.  Enjoyed lunch today!

It was a pleasure to meet you last week when you were in Houston.   You arrived with a some good advance "press" from Cindy, all of which was well founded.  I am glad that your meeting with Tom was fruitful and I am pleased that there may be a fit between Enron's needs and Vivance's offerings.  I know that Cindy is very enthusiastic about the quality product that Viviance delivers, so creating a win-win situation for both companies would be great.  I have e-mailed JIm Martino to keep me posted to the extent there is anything that I can do to help move along the process.  While I won't make the business decision here, I can certainly help to focus attention when needed.  

Let me know when you will be back in Houston.  If you like Mexican food, I can introduce you to the best place in the state for a great meal.  --Sally   

Sally,
Sorry it took me so long, but just landed back in New York since last
Monday.  Please accept my sincerest of thanks for fitting Jim and me into
your already hectic schedule. After chatting with Tom Wilbeck, I do believe
that Viviance is the right decision for Enron.  Simply, Tom led us to
believe that a true discovery audit regarding the focus, needs, and delivery
should take place.  We just finished the same for DELL...this has proven to
be quite beneficial, as a study overview does give everyone involved a
better understanding of the right product for a specific company culture.
Just throwing content on a screen doesn't ensure, successful retention.  Our
mission, of education first, enables greater performance in the end.
Hopefully during my next trip down we could take some time for lunch or
dinner.  Your call. All my best, and again, thank you.
Respectfully

Geoffrey Mann
CEO/President North America

Viviance new education, Inc.
225 Lafayette Street, Suite 906
New York, New York 10012

212.219.9797
Fax: 212.219.0243
Cell: 516.983.0065
Email: gmann@viviance.com
www.viviance.com

Here is agenda for Causey's offsite next week.  I told Sharron that you would be in town and she said that you (and Anna) would certainly be welcome for all or part of the day.  FYI - the location for this meeting is at the Adams Mark Hotel.  This is not very close to downtown - would require a car or cab.  I would be glad to have you ride with me -- just let me know which things you would like to attend.  My thoughts are that I will not attend for the entire day - through lunch looks like a good point at which to break and head back to the office.  Let me know what you want to do so that we can schedule meetings around your choices for Wednesday.  --Sally 

8:30	Opening Remarks			  Rick Causey
9:15	Panel:  Cash Reporting and Forecasting	  Bob Butts, Wes Colwell, 
					  Tim Despain, Mary Perkins
10:15	Break
10:30	Panel:  New Enron Businesses	  Mike McConnell and Ray Bowen
11:30	I Buy it and GSS Update		  George Wasaff
12:00	Lunch
1:00	Project Sunrise Update		  Jan Johnson and Mark Frank
1:30	Interaction between Tax and Accounting  Greek Rice and Jim Ginty
2:00	Enron Center South Update		  Bill Donovan
2:30	Investor Relations Update		  Paula Rieker
3:15	Break
3:30	Trading Simulation			  Scott Neal
4:30	Reception

Pre cuts

Tammie Schoppe
Enron Americas-Office of the Chair
Assistant to Louise Kitchen
713.853.4220 office 
713.646.8562 fax
713.253.2131 mobile

Current costs.  In these plans we have expensed software and hardware which we will probably amortize.  Gets us around the $200mm mark.

 

June 12 works well for me.  It is likely that we will be on vacation on Friday, June 22.  My husband is finalizing airline reservations today, and to use our frequent flyer miles it looks as if we will have to fly on Friday, June 22 rather than Saturday, June 23.  --Sally 

Please respond with your availability for an all-day offsite meeting on media preparedness with Greg Piper and Vance Meyer.  The dates we are considering are June 12 and June 22.  If neither of these two dates initially don't work for you, please look at your schedule and consider whether you could possibly rearrange any of your appointments.

Many thanks,

Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
Office 713.853.5746
tina.spiller@enron.com

I remember you well, Christine, from the recruiting process.  I would love to visit with you to catch up on what you have done at Enron to date and to talk with you about a rotation in my group.  By copy of this memo, I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to get together.  I look forward to seeing you.  --Sally 

Sally,

My name is Christine Milliner, and I'm currently an analyst under Rod Hayslett in ETS finance and accounting.  I was also one of your recruits from UT in the fall '99 semester.  I have spoken with Ted Bland about options for my next rotation, and he mentioned your area as a possible fit.  I'd like to meet with you to discuss opportunities in your area and the contibution I could make to your group.  My resume is attached, for your review.  I appreciate your time and consideration.

Thank you,
Christine Milliner

713-345-8636

 << File: Christine Milliner resume, May 2001.rtf >> 

Peggy:  I will be at the meeting at 12:00, but will need to leave around 12:30 for a meeting with someone from London.  Our schedules wouldn't allow for any other time for us to get together, and I have some critical things to review regarding London.  --Sally 

The ENW Staff meeting for Thursday (05/17) will be held in EB27C2 from 12:00-1:30 pm.

Assistants:  Please let me know if your supervisor is unable to attend.  Thanks.

(I know that Mark Taylor and Tom Gros are out of the office).

Thanks -

Peggy McCurley
Office of the Chairman
Enron Net Works
(713) 853-1832
Peggy.McCurley@enron.com

Thanks for the details on the flowers.  That should be enough for us to produce something pretty and nostalgic for a coursage and boutineer.  

David must have had a brain lapse - he forgot to mention that you had called.  Meagan and I were probably at the Bearkadette officers meeting at the time.  

We really enjoyed your visit as well!  Thanks for supporting Amanda in her musical efforts.  --Sally   

Sally, I called last night and talked to David briefly, as I was going to  
give you the information on Dad's and my flowers in our wedding.  We think  
that Dad had a red carnation in his lapel-no color, so that is what we  
guessed.  Here is the description of my bouquet.  "She carried a formal  
bouquet of white orchids  encircled with lillies of the valley with tiny  
satin ribbon showers."  Primarily one sees the baby orchids iin the black and  
white picture. 
We surely had enjoyed our visit with all of you. 
Love, 
Mom 

We  need to talk. 
A near term goal for mid/back office commercialization is as follows:

First, we need to determine what each piece is in the mid/back office that can be commercialized and how we would separate these different pieces.  In other words, how we separate risk reporting and general ledger and where we put it at Enron.  How we put the physical gas nominations and power scheduling at the desks.  How we take the rest for gas and power (and/or financial) and create ProcessCo/ServiceCo as a separate entity or within Net Works.

Second, once we know the different pieces, can we separate them from a systems perspective ( I am assuming that separating people is straightforward)?

Third, assuming we can separate things, how we communicate back to the other parts.  In other words, how we communicate information back to Enron's SAP system, how we settle for Enron if they want ProcessCo to do physical settlements, how we receive information so we can deal capture and confirm, etc.  All the linkages.

Fourth, how we create an agreement between ProcessCo and EWS that defines payments, service levels, term, etc. that can be a model for other companies as well.

Fifth, how this all deals with CommodityLogic and its business model.

Sixth, if we go alone or work with someone like Arcordia (after Beth's meeting).

Finally, how we originate these deals and charge for our service.

I know that alot of this is being done in different parts on different time schedules, but I would like to get it all pulled together soon in the following format:

A draft of a contract between EWS and ProcessCo (or Net Works).  Also, a clear picture of what systems and functions would be in this entity.  Also, a recommendation on how Enron maintains its risk reporting and general ledger as well as physical noms and scheduling and where that stays in Enron and how those functions work with ProcessCo.

Sheri Thomas, Jeff Harbert, Frank Davis, Fred Philipson, and Andrea Crump are now full time reporting to Tom on commercialization, all have mid/back office experience and can help Beth and Sally with alot of this work before Tom comes back from his cruise at the end of next week.

Let's discuss Monday.

Thanks.

GP

Do you want my help in preparing something for Paul?  Would you like me to go with you when you meet with Paul?  

Paul,

Thanks for lunch a few weeks ago.  Sounds like you have a ton of work and responsibility these days.

Also, thanks for working with Gros on CommodityLogic.  It is a great application that I think will help our industry better manage the ever increasing transaction flow.

In addition to CommodityLogic, and as a follow-up to our lunch, I would like to come over in a few weeks and sit down and show you and your team what we mean by "outsourcing" your mid and back office functions to our "ProsessCo/ServiceCo."  I think we have identified what types of services we could offer and under what type of arrangements.  Basically, you have risk reporting, general ledger, deal capture, confirmation, nominations/scheduling, volume management and settlements (invoice and cash payments/collections).  We will articulate how it works and how it hopefully makes sense for you to let us add a few more resources to accomodate your growing business instead of you building it from scratch.  

I also talked to Whalley and Bibi about your concerns on security/neutrality, comparable service levels to Enron, term and the ability to do financial easier than physical.  We can go through all that as well.

I will contact you soon and arrange a time.

Let me know your thoughts.

Piper

PS  Let's do another dinner with McGowan, etc. soon (or play golf some time or catch some beers).

Can you print the attachment for me?  Thanks. 
You should be interested in this 
As I am sure you are all aware recruitment of key quality people is paramount to the success of Risk Management. You should also be aware that many of us spend an awful lot of time on recruitment from talking to agencies to interviewing.

We currently have a number of vacancies and have been finding the CVs we have been receiving from recruitment agencies have not produced the pool of talent we need. As a result we have today placed an advertisement in the FT a copy of which is attached below. Of course none of you will of seen the advert because you don't look at the recruitment pages but just in case this is what is happening and why.

If there are any queries please give me a call or better still nominate someone and see if you can get any entry for the Z3.

James

 - 043040a.pdf 

The decision was made last Friday that June 1 would be the closing date for the sale of HPL to AEP (there had been some discussion about moving the close date to July 1).  Brian Redmond has compiled a list of action items to be completed before the close.  Bob Hall is leading this effort for operations and we do not anticipate any problems meeting the June 1 date.  As I explained earlier, our involvement will continue with HPL through June, as invoicing and cash collection for the production month of May will be handled in June.  After the end of June, their may be some involvement on our part in following up on any unpaid invoices or answering customer questions regarding activity prior to June 1.  The effort on our part should diminish substantially after June 30.  

What do we do with this?  I logged in, but couldn't tell what to do.  --Sally 

Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com

Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

I left you a couple of messages with two different assistants today for you=
 to call - am sure that it is a busy Monday.  I will send this note so that=
 I don't forget the purpose.  With Savita assuming the role previously play=
ed by Sheri with regard to the Product Control group, I wanted to underscor=
e the importance of a free flow of information between the EOL team and my =
operations team.  One of the roles that Sheri's team fulfilled was keeping =
my risk and operations teams apprised of any changes within EOL that can ha=
ve an impact on bridging to our legacy systems.  I may have met Savita once=
 in passing.  I checked with Jeff Gossett and Stacey White, risk leads over=
 gas and power, respectively, and neither one has heard of or met Savita.  =
Although Jennifer Denney will play an active role, I know that she will be =
out on maternity leave soon, so it is important for Savita to know the righ=
t players on the operations team and for them to know her.  I will contact =
Savita directly to make the appropriate introductions.  I just wanted your =
support and encouragement for Savita in making the right connections within=
 operations.  --Sally

I have left John a message about the e-mail.  No response yet.  Will call Leslie, Stacey and Jeff as soon as I finish breakfast.  

John:
 
I got the e-mail last night with the tabs for the breakdown of the current 184 for Operations, inclusive of Power and Gas Logistics.  (The tabs total 184 with one Associate noted on a separate line in Power Logistics, and 183 without that Associate, so I don't know whether you are using 183 or 184 currently for the Operations total.) Taking this number to 100 in total is obviously a big change - 45.6% reduction.  At this moment, I don't know how feasible that is.  But I will work with Jeff, Stacey and Leslie to find out.
 
We  need some questions answered first to go through this:
 
1)  Who is coordinating the look at headcount reductions for Gas and Power Logistics?  Together, those groups represent 25% of the 184 headcount.  Going in, I would asssume that they would take their proportionate share of reductions - should be 21 reductions.  We need to know who we should work with to coordinate this.  Need names and weekend contact numbers.
 
2)  What will the overall headcount be for Netco?  What we need to know is how many gas and power traders there will be and whether or not their anticipated business scope changes.  If commercial numbers don't change and the business scope doesn't change, a 45.6% reduction is probably out of the question.  
 
3)  Is the 100 number for Operations only a start-up number?  Could we anticipate adding staff as business ramps up, approval is obtained for physical gas business, etc.?  Or is the 100 number intended to be the total headcount for all of 2002?
 
4)  What are UBS' expectations for mid and back office?  What are the views from Legal and UBS on creating confirmations for EOL transactions?  There were some discussions with Leslie Reeves about not confirming certain types of transactions.  One firm, and I don't remember whether it was UBS or not, mentioned that we might not be the confirming agent on transactions, and that instead we would review third party paper prepared for confirmations.  That is a completely different activity than we normally engage in, and would make a difference in staffing - perhaps requiring more people!   We need to know those things from UBS to take a real stab at a revised number.  Should we just pool our knowledge from various discussions that have been had with UBS, or is there someone with UBS that we should be talking with this weekend to get there view of what is required?
 
5)  Does the internal RAC group go forward under a headcount reduction - i.e. will we be coordinating and providing information to them, or will UBS assume some of their functions?  This may impact our staffing needs.  What about consolidated risk reporting - will Stacey and Jeff simply transmit data to UBS, or Netco have to provide some consolidated risk reporting before sending info to UBS?
 
We may have more questions, but these are key now to get at a feasible number.  
 
--Sally 
 

Can you print attachment for me?  Thanks. 
Sally,

Here is the e-mail regarding "Points of Light".

Jennifer

Wade Stubblefield
05/24/2001 12:27 PM
 

Sent by:	Jennifer Bryan
 
Wade Stubblefield
05/11/2001 08:38 AM
Jennifer,

Can you get with Shirley and Vlady and get this meeting scheduled for next week.

Vlady,  I am going to be in the Woodlands in some training Monday and Tuesday so perhaps we can do it later in the week.

W

Wes and Wade,

Rick Buy and the RAC/EES team have compiled a list of EES projects, the so-called "Points of Light" list. Its objectives are the following:

	- articulate the progress of EES initiatives to the BOD
	- ensure that important activities are not overlooked
	- assign responsibilities to appropriate individuals
	- monitor completion of projects against a set timetable

I suggest that we revise this list to reflect reality better. Also, you could use this list as a management tool to ensure that in six months EES issues are properly addressed.

I could meet with you and walk you through the "Points of Light" list.

Vlady.

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

The deadline has been extended by HR until Tuesday, so that many of us can work on these reviews over the weekend.  You should see more responses early next week.  --Sally 

Everyone,

This is to remind you that today is the last day to complete the PRC Reviews.  Fred has selected each one of you as his reviewer, and I will really appreciate your completing the reviews so we can provide him with meaningful feedback.

Regards,
Rahil
3-3206

Informational for me, or do you want me to attend?  If you don't want me to attend, would you like for me to review the presentation that you plan to give?  --Sally 

We will come to your office on June 5th at 4 PM.

We will give you some powerpoint on what we see happening in the industry, what it means for transaction counts, a little on how we process, what we have done for others, how it might work, etc.

Thanks.

GP

The afternoon of the 5th works good for us.  We'll be in San Jose on the
4th.  How does 4:00 work for you?  Let me know.
Paul

Is June 4th or 5th better?

GP

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-Paul+20Posoli+20+3Cpaulp+40calpine+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON
.com]

   Sent:   Saturday, May 19, 2001 7:42 PM
   Sounds good.  My calendar looks like this:
   Week of 21st - in all week
   28th - out Tuesday - Thursday
   4th - In until Thursday - leaving Thursday for a week on vacation

   Let me know what dates work for you and I'll gather the necessary
   people.
   Beers sound great.
   Paul

   -----Original Message-----
   Paul,

   Thanks for lunch a few weeks ago.  Sounds like you have a ton of work
   and responsibility these days.

   Also, thanks for working with Gros on CommodityLogic.  It is a great
   application that I think will help our industry better manage the ever
   increasing transaction flow.

   In addition to CommodityLogic, and as a follow-up to our lunch, I would
   like to come over in a few weeks and sit down and show you and your team
   what we mean by "outsourcing" your mid and back office functions to our
   "ProsessCo/ServiceCo."  I think we have identified what types of
   services we could offer and under what type of arrangements.  Basically,
   you have risk reporting, general ledger, deal capture, confirmation,
   nominations/scheduling, volume management and settlements (invoice and
   cash payments/collections).  We will articulate how it works and how it
   hopefully makes sense for you to let us add a few more resources to
   accomodate your growing business instead of you building it from
   scratch.

   I also talked to Whalley and Bibi about your concerns on
   security/neutrality, comparable service levels to Enron, term and the
   ability to do financial easier than physical.  We can go through all
   that as well.

   I will contact you soon and arrange a time.

   Let me know your thoughts.

   Piper

   

My first and second choices on speaking engagements are listed below:

	1st choice	MG906		Wed, July 11	Who Moved My Cheese?

	2nd choice	MG909		Fri., July 13	Leading Your Firm Through Change 

Frank and Hector have been on point for further participation in the conference and would be best to visit with about use of other passes to the conference.  Wes Colwell has co-sponsored our involvement in this conference.  Are the four passes intended to cover his group, too?  --Sally 

Hello Sally, 

This e-mail is to confirm the message I left for you earlier this morning.  I have attached the speaking sessions below.  Please let me know as soon as possible the session that you would be interested in conducting for the NABA Conference.  Also, two of your employees are interested in participating at the conference Mark McClure and Errol McLauglin.  You have a total of four conferences passes to utilize for your group.  Please let me know if you would like them to attend for career development purposes.  They are both willing to recruit at the conference.  NABA is expecting over 2,000 professional participants this year.  Thank you for your support for the organization.  This will be a wonderful new partnership for Enron and your organization.  Please call me if you have any questions.

Meliza Evason
Associate, HR
X57855
 << File: Courses NABA.doc >> 

Glad that the two of you could make the trip to Houston this week.  Hopefully, your the time spent here was worthwhile in terms of sharing ideas and further developing contacts.  I Anna, I will look forward to continue dialoge as we explore commercialization opportunities.  Mike, I will get back with you next week on potential dates for the annual global risk management operations offsite (late Oct) and on likely dates for my next trip to London. 

I enjoyed the shopping and dinner.  --Sally 

Patti is sending you my slides for the offsite - I finally got out of meetings long enough to review them!  

There will be four parts to the Mid/Back Office hour and a half on the agenda:

	Global Risk Management Operations - Overview of Services (Beck providing slides)

	IT Systems - Overview and Organization (Perlman providing slides) ) 

	CommodityLogic Modules (Gros providing slides)  

	Commercialization Effort (the three of us are working on a few slides - to come later today)  

Change in plans - Patti will send slides for both me and Beth.  She is formating info from Beth's assistant into format that I used for my slides, so you will get these as one presentation.  (Patti has already sent my slides so that you can begin the process of making copies for the binders.)  I think that you already have slides from Tom on CommodityLogic.  We are working on a few slides for the Commercialization Effort - will have those ready as soon as we can.   Thanks, Tina. --Sally  

Patti is sending you my slides for the offsite - I finally got out of meetings long enough to review them!  

There will be four parts to the Mid/Back Office hour and a half on the agenda:

	Global Risk Management Operations - Overview of Services (Beck providing slides)

	IT Systems - Overview and Organization (Perlman providing slides) ) 

	CommodityLogic Modules (Gros providing slides)  

	Commercialization Effort (the three of us are working on a few slides - to come later today)  

There is another Senior Director in London in Operations - Anna McAndrew.  She was just joined Enron in April, and I was unsure of her title.  Confirmed that this morning.  

What is lily of the valley?  I don't know.  Would it add anything special to the coursage?  If so, I would be glad to spring for it.  I just don't know enough about flowers to make an educated call.  Could the florist tell you how wonderful it is for $60?  

Meagan and Michael often have coursages and boutineers that coordinate - maybe only key for the "young set", and not those who buy pens to commemorate a 50th anniversary. White rose will be great if the florist feels like the coordinated thing would be weird.  We will be upgrading dad from a carnation, anyway.  

You know in the end, whatever you arrange will be terrific.  I don't mean for these comments to sound picky or ungrateful!!  (I am saving that in full force for later life -- only kidding!) --Sally 

Got ones with white orchids--but the lily of the valley would be an
additional $60--what do you think?  Got a white rose for dad.

Cindy

Please put this date on my calendar and let Lexi know that I will be glad to attend.  Thanks. 
Dear Team Members:

I have scheduled our information session at OU for the evening of Thursday, September 27.  I will send more details as they are available, but please mark your calendars and let me know if you are interested in attending.

By the way, the football game against Kansas State is September 29th...   :)

Thanks!

lexi
3-4585

John:
 
I got the e-mail last night with the tabs for the breakdown of the current 184 for Operations, inclusive of Power and Gas Logistics.  (The tabs total 184 with one Associate noted on a separate line in Power Logistics, and 183 without that Associate, so I don't know whether you are using 183 or 184 currently for the Operations total.) Taking this number to 100 in total is obviously a big change - 45.6% reduction.  At this moment, I don't know how feasible that is.  But I will work with Jeff, Stacey and Leslie to find out.
 
We  need some questions answered first to go through this:
 
1)  Who is coordinating the look at headcount reductions for Gas and Power Logistics?  Together, those groups represent 25% of the 184 headcount.  Going in, I would asssume that they would take their proportionate share of reductions - should be 21 reductions.  We need to know who we should work with to coordinate this.  Need names and weekend contact numbers.
 
2)  What will the overall headcount be for Netco?  What we need to know is how many gas and power traders there will be and whether or not their anticipated business scope changes.  If commercial numbers don't change and the business scope doesn't change, a 45.6% reduction is probably out of the question.  
 
3)  Is the 100 number for Operations only a start-up number?  Could we anticipate adding staff as business ramps up, approval is obtained for physical gas business, etc.?  Or is the 100 number intended to be the total headcount for all of 2002?
 
4)  What are UBS' expectations for mid and back office?  What are the views from Legal and UBS on creating confirmations for EOL transactions?  There were some discussions with Leslie Reeves about not confirming certain types of transactions.  One firm, and I don't remember whether it was UBS or not, mentioned that we might not be the confirming agent on transactions, and that instead we would review third party paper prepared for confirmations.  That is a completely different activity than we normally engage in, and would make a difference in staffing - perhaps requiring more people!   We need to know those things from UBS to take a real stab at a revised number.  Should we just pool our knowledge from various discussions that have been had with UBS, or is there someone with UBS that we should be talking with this weekend to get there view of what is required?
 
5)  Does the internal RAC group go forward under a headcount reduction - i.e. will we be coordinating and providing information to them, or will UBS assume some of their functions?  This may impact our staffing needs.  What about consolidated risk reporting - will Stacey and Jeff simply transmit data to UBS, or Netco have to provide some consolidated risk reporting before sending info to UBS?
 
We may have more questions, but these are key now to get at a feasible number.  
 
--Sally 
 

Please print
Tina,

Tom Gros would like for you to add the attached slide to his presentation.

Thanks

James Whitehead
3-9492

 

Evan has close to 300 people reporting to him.  The largest segment is the service management team.  My understanding is that there are only a handful of people who are involved in managing the invoicing efforts through the outsource providers.  We will know this week exactly which positions would come under wholesale, and we will evaluate whether or not the people will move with those functions.  I don't think we are in danger of getting Mark back.  --Sally 

  I am concerned that Mark has gone back into a group that we will end up with From Evan Hughes.

Wouldn't that be ironic!

I am not sure which piece Bob Hurt is responsible for, but I know he works for Evan.

Beth

FYI. 

 << Message: Redeployment >> 

Kristin, I know that we would like to get together with you to discuss UT recruiting.  The easiest way to get this set up is probably for you to coordinate with our two assistants on a time that will work.  My assistant is Patti Thompson (x39106) and Rick's assistant is Sharron Westbrook.   By copy of this note, I will ask  Patti to coordinate with Sharron and one of the two will get back with you to let you know available dates and times that Rick and I could get with you.  -Sally 

Hello Rick and Sally,

My name is Kristin Gandy and I wanted to introduce myself.  As you probably already know Lexi Elliott recently passed UT recruiting onto me.  

I was wondering if you both had some time next week to get together.  I would like to formally meet you, as well as discuss Fall recruiting and the strategy Lexi and I have already worked on.  

Regards,

Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
Enron Corp
1400 Smith Street EB 1163
Houston, Texas  77002

713-345-3214 
kristin.gandy@enron.com

Please coordinate with Sharron on Rick's schedule and get back with Kristin to set up a meeting. Thanks. --Sally 

Hello Rick and Sally,

My name is Kristin Gandy and I wanted to introduce myself.  As you probably already know Lexi Elliott recently passed UT recruiting onto me.  

I was wondering if you both had some time next week to get together.  I would like to formally meet you, as well as discuss Fall recruiting and the strategy Lexi and I have already worked on.  

Regards,

Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
Enron Corp
1400 Smith Street EB 1163
Houston, Texas  77002

713-345-3214 
kristin.gandy@enron.com

Please print color versions of attachments, along with black and white of Anna's cover note.  Thanks. 
Sally

Thanks for all your time in Houston and I'd be delighted to continue discussions around commercialisation whenever you want.

As promised, please find attached examples of our monthly management reporting.  They are still evolving - at the moment they are missing aged debtors / creditors reporting (we should get in for June reporting once the function moves back into my area) and anything on Enron Credit.  However, comments and thoughts welcome!

Kind regards

Anna

  

Please print attachment for me.  Thanks. 

FYI
 
Misty Barrett
05/31/2001 05:42 PM
Attached below are the 2001 Andersen business audits and the timeline for these audits and other work. Within this document, we have identified the EES owner(s) that will be involved in each business audit. The scope/objectives of each business audit have also been outlined.

Business Audit Approach
For each business audit, we plan to hold an opening and closing meeting with all key personnel involved for that project (includes business owners, CAO, EAS representative, and Andersen). The objectives of the opening meeting are to discuss specific audit areas, team members, key contacts, and to identify required EES documentation. The closing meeting will be critical as this is the final opportunity to ensure all facts surrounding any issues are agreed upon and initially discuss any action plans. Timing of the opening/closing meetings will be communicated by Andersen at a later date.

Please review the attached Andersen document to ensure the business owners have been properly identified. Please contact me with any revisions or other questions.

Thanks,
Misty

 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

FYI 
FYI
 
Misty Barrett
05/31/2001 05:42 PM
Attached below are the 2001 Andersen business audits and the timeline for these audits and other work. Within this document, we have identified the EES owner(s) that will be involved in each business audit. The scope/objectives of each business audit have also been outlined.

Business Audit Approach
For each business audit, we plan to hold an opening and closing meeting with all key personnel involved for that project (includes business owners, CAO, EAS representative, and Andersen). The objectives of the opening meeting are to discuss specific audit areas, team members, key contacts, and to identify required EES documentation. The closing meeting will be critical as this is the final opportunity to ensure all facts surrounding any issues are agreed upon and initially discuss any action plans. Timing of the opening/closing meetings will be communicated by Andersen at a later date.

Please review the attached Andersen document to ensure the business owners have been properly identified. Please contact me with any revisions or other questions.

Thanks,
Misty

 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

I printed copies of this resume the day that I received it from you.  I met with Beth Perlman that day and gave her the resume in person.  I also called Philippe Bibi and sent him a copy of the resume.  I am also by way of this e:mail message going to copy Robert Jones on this resume.  Robert heads up HR for Enron Net Works.  Feel free to give Beth, Philippe and Robert a call to add your personal comments about the candidate.  --Sally 

Sally,

Per our conversation, I am attaching a resume of James Kantara. This gentleman is one of the smartest classmates in the Executive MBA program at Rice, and I highly recommend him.

 << File: 0105 Kantara Exec Resume - Rice.doc >> 

What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 

At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.

The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.

I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 

I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.

David

Got your note.  I am not incredibly attached to Commercial Support and I agree that overall it probably sounds second class.   Professional Services sounds fine to me.  I have forwarded your message to a handful of my direct reports to get their comments - Bob Hall, Brent Price, Beth Apollo and Peggy Hedstrom.  I should hear back from them today, and I will pass along any pertinent comments.  Thanks.  --Sally 

At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.

The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.

I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 

I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.

David

You have mentioned several times that we would talk about the organization to support wholesale, but the opportuntity to do so hasn't materialized.  We have had meetings about specific issues, but have not generally discussed how we will manage the Estate going forward.  What role do you envision that I will play?  Can you make time to discuss that on Monday?

 I have talked with Delainey about providing infrastructure for NewCo, and had independently come to the conclusion that we must manage mid and back office for all estate activities (liquidating activities and building activities) in one group to provide the best coverage and flexibility for resources.   With the still anticipated spin-off of Netco, I have created a plan to reorganize the operations teams' efforts.  I will be glad to share that with you as we work jointly on the infrastructure to service all estate needs.  --Sally 

Greg Piper and Robert Jones are aware that I will be on vacation on the date of the PRC meeting.  --Sally 

 << OLE Object: Picture (Metafile) >> 

Thanks.  We will add Greg to the list and will get back with him on details.  -Sally 

Sally, Greg Piper wanted me to let you know he will be attending the customer meeting July 21-23.

Thank you,

Lisa A. Costello
Assistant to Robert Jones
Enron Networks HR
713/853-1819
lisa.costello@enron.com

Sorry to hear about your grandmother.  Funerals, oddly enough, seem to create opportunities to catch up with other family members.  Nice to see everyone, you are just sorry about the catalyst for bringing you together.  I will talk with you soon.  --Sally 

Sally

No problem!  I'm actually out Thursday / Friday this week at a family funeral.  Unfortunately, my Grandmother passed away last week, although it was probably a blessing - she was 84 and very ill.  So, why don't we catch up next week?

Thanks

Anna

Thanks for sending the attachments.  Didn't have a second to review them last week, but this week should be more manageable.  I was in Austin this weekend to celebrate my parents' 50th wedding anniversary.  Had the chance to hold and rock my new niece who is now 9 weeks old.  I think that I failed to mention while you were here that her name is Anna.  Such a doll.  --Sally 

Sally

Thanks for all your time in Houston and I'd be delighted to continue discussions around commercialisation whenever you want.

As promised, please find attached examples of our monthly management reporting.  They are still evolving - at the moment they are missing aged debtors / creditors reporting (we should get in for June reporting once the function moves back into my area) and anything on Enron Credit.  However, comments and thoughts welcome!

Kind regards

Anna

 << File: Management Reporting_FebProd AMcA.doc >>  << File: Management Reporting_MarProd AMcA.doc >> 

We may have a few more transfers given the final decision on the management of the settlements function.  We had a lunch meeting with John Lavorato, Dave Delainey, Wes, etc. on Thursday last week, and will have fleshed out a the details of a proposal later this week that would move the management of the settlements function under EWS and leave the service management component (Evan Hughes) under EES.  Final decision expected this week.  --Sally 

Attached is the final list of employees currently identified to be transferred to EWS and ENW from EES.  These transfers should be made effective July 1, 2001to effect a clean cut-off for accounting purposes.  I am sending these today to give you as much lead time as possible, but please do not make them effective any sooner.

Could each cost center lead please keep up with who is on their list today and, if employees are hired or terminated between now and July 1, 2001, make the appropriate adjustment with your respective HR representative to make sure they are transferred properly.

Rachel M., can you use this data to pull together a Q3 and Q4 plan for each cost center (working with the leads of each area).

Thanks

Wade

 << File: Group Names.xls >> 

Bob Hall says Professional Services is fine - "change is good", as he said.  Brent's other suggestions are below.  I agree with you - simply changing the label doesn't do a whole lot.  Actions will speak louder than words.  --Sally 
Professional services sounds too vague.  How about commercial services or operational services?  Can't say I have put a lot of time into developing a name.

What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 

At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.

The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.

I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 

I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.

David

Thanks for the follow up.  --sally 

Below is a quick follow up to some of the things I mentioned I'd check out at our last meeting.  Please let me know how I can be of assistance with your efforts.

Contributions
The contributions from last year that I mentioned at the meeting turned out to be inclusive of Enron Corp., individual and matching funds.

Weather
I had a chance to talk with our folks from the Weather Group.  The information regarding Oklahoma that I told you I'd look into actually ended up being a center for Weather Research that was being sponsored by Williams not our weather group.

Scholarship
There are a couple of different scholarship and fundraising initiatives underway that are being driven by Enron employees and alumni of the individual universities employed here.  They take advantage of matching funds and are administered by employees here with some assistance by Community Relations and University Affairs.  If you are interested in organizing an effort like this for Oklahoma, let me know and I can work with you on the details.

We will be in Telluride the last week in June for vacation.  Any suggestions on where we should eat?  Think 17, 12 and 3 (children's ages).  Thanks!  --Sally 

FYI - as we get closer to quarter end, it may help your DPR team to know about any pending deals that could be done close to quarter end.  --Sally 

Find attached the EGM Management Summary and Hot List as of 6/1/01.  Please contact me if you have any questions/comments.

Thanks,
Jeff 

  

As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers.  

We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week.  

Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926)   

I understand from Greg that he got a little more direction from Paul about the Calpine meeting that has been moved to Thursday morning.  Please send Beth Perlman and me a copy of the revised draft of the meeting document that you are preparing, in addition to Tom.  Thanks.  

Where are we on decisions on promotions?  Last time I asked, it was under consideration.  Kevin has a good idea here.  Can you give us an update?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Sally,

Someone brought up an interesting idea that might help motivate people and retain them.  Recognizing that we are constrained from a cash perspective, does it make any sense to still promote some people who deserve it so that at least they get recognition in terms of title and recognition by their peers, however have their salary remain the same?

Just a thought.

Kevin

As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers.  

We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week.  

Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926)   

Another opinion.  I read Barry's response from EBS.  Not a lot of overwhelming sentiment for Professional Services.  Since this in only a term used in the PRC process, I don't know that a name change at this point would make much of a difference.  Let me know is decided.  --Sally 

We would also like to see a change from Commercial Support, however, we are not that keen on Professional Services.  Some other alternatives might be:

	Commercial Services
	Network Services

Let us know where it ends up.
	

What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 

At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.

The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.

I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 

I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.

David

I didn't have an opening that looked quite right for Dan's experiece.  I have, however, given has resume to Tom Gros who has been leading CommodityLogic and is also paired with Beth Perlman and me on evaluating the potential for commercializing our mid and back office services.  In this effort, it is likely that Tom will to put together a marketing team.  I suggested that he consider Dan for one of those positions.  

FYI - I will fill you in on the meeting this afternoon and will get you a copy of whatever we review.  --Sally 

Not a problem - we have not decided exactly which slides, if any, will be taken to Calpine.  I am putting something together for Tom this morning, and will give you and Beth a copy today for your input.

Sheri

I understand from Greg that he got a little more direction from Paul about the Calpine meeting that has been moved to Thursday morning.  Please send Beth Perlman and me a copy of the revised draft of the meeting document that you are preparing, in addition to Tom.  Thanks.  

FYI

When I sent this e:mail on Monday, I committed two things for this week:  a preliminary review of our more detailed plan with the traders (Belden, Black, Presto and Rogers) by mid week and a final proposal of roles and responsibilitiies by the end of this week to Dave Delainey and John Lavorato.  It is 4:30 pm Friday, and as far as I can tell we have not delivered on either commitment this week.  I didn't hear from the three of you that you couldn't make these time commitments, so I did not reset expectations.  

We must need to reset expectations now.  Can we plan to complete this by Monday afternoon (June 11th) so that I can get back with all interested parties that attended the June 4 lunch meeting?  Do the four of us need to meet briefly this afternoon ( I will stay as late as necessary) or on Monday morning to clarify what needs to be done?  How can I help move this forward?  This topic commanded an hour and a half of Delainey and Lavorato's time at lunch on the 4th, so it is important to them.  --Sally  

As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers.  

We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week.  

Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926)   

I left individual voice mail messages for Chris, Johnny, John, Tom, Keith, Susan and Susie tonight, thanking them for spending part of their Saturday in the office.  I appreciate your personal organization and leadership of the team so that the DPR could be completed Saturday morning and delivered to RAC for their further analysis over the weekend.  Thanks, too, for spending part of your weekend in the office.  Your willingness to pitch in and your constructive suggestions on leading and motivating employees is very much appreciated.  

Trading activity on EnronOnline continues be at or above trade count levels for the same period last month. 

Jim Donnell, President and CEO of Duke Energy North America, stated at an industry conference on Friday, October 26 that for Duke it is "business as ususal" with Enron.  Enron remains an active counterparty trading with Duke. 

At the same Independent Petroleum Association of Amercia industry event, Joe Bob Perkins, group president for Reliant Energy's wholesale businesses, stated that Reliant continues to actively trade with Enron as well.  

Will do the best we can.  As ENW, we utilize the Analyst pool much more heavily than the Associates pool.  Several of us from ENW nterviewed Analyst candidates for Fastastic Friday on October 26 (including me).  I believe that we have a number of ENW managers committed to the November 16 Fantastic Friday interviews for Analysts.  

Most Associates rotations are commercial rotations, so it would seem to make sense to have commercial teams heavily involved in the November 3 and December 1 Super Saturdays.  

What would be the time commitment on Saturday?  --Sally 

The AA program is in need of interviewers for this weekend.  They could use your assistance in encouraging Managers and above from Net Works to participate.  They are short about 35 interviewers.  

Please forward this info. to those you think might be interested or provide me with names and I will give them the details.  Thanks

Marla -

Outlined below are the details of the upcoming AA Interview sessions:    

Nov 3 (Saturday) - Associates
Schools - UCLA, Michigan, UT, Georgetown, Darden, Rice, Owen, Tulane, Cal Berkeley, Wash - STL, A&M

Nov 16 (Friday) - Analysts
Schools - UT, Howard, AUC, OU, Penn, LSU, LA Tech, UH, Clark Atlanta, Michigan

Dec 1 (Saturday) - Associates
Schools - Harvard, Columbia, Kellogg, NYU, Chicago, Wharton, Howard MBA, Yale, Thunderbird, Stern, MIT, Cornell, Duke, SMU, UNC

By participating in these interviewing opportunities you will become key to the selection process that will ultimately become your talent pool.  In each Decision Meeting we will also track which business units/departments wish to bring a certain candidate into their area.  This will give you the chance to hand-pick your new talent.  Please confirm to me via e-mail the dates your team members will participate.    

Thanks - 

Tana Cashion
EGM & EIM  Career Development
Associate & Analyst Program

Since you are the lead, I assume that you have an idea from Dave on what he is looking for.  Since Dave referenced ENW, I assume that we will include roles with regard to IT development projects.  Do you think that he also wants to pick up definition of Infrastructure roles as well?  --Sally 

Guys, given our continued need to be crisp and clear on our work product and a clear view to increasing efficiencies, particularily in the back and mid office, I think it would be a good exercise to clearly map out roles and responsibilities between ENW and the EES Services Group in some amount of detail.  Dan will take the lead in this activity.  I would hope that we could have this mapped out fairly quickly without a great deal of internal time.

Thanks for all the hard work.

Regards
Delainey

Anything we can do on this?  Thanks.  --Sally 

Bob, 

We all realize these are difficult times and we must all adjust and work together but I would like to make you aware of the recent support changes that pose some issues for Logistics.  We are told that the Solution Center is not available after 7:00 p.m.  Monday through Friday nor are they available on the weekend.  We are continuing to schedule gas in Logistics albeit on a limited basis during these after hours so is there anyway IT can manage to provide some level of support?

We appreciate your efforts to work with us to develop a solution.  

Regards, 

Tammy Lee-Jaquet 
713-853-5375 
tammy.jaquet@enron.com 

Can you please provide the following information on invitees to the series of breakfast meetings:
(example noted below from today's meeting)

Name			Title		Group 				Direct Supervisor

Jeff Gossett		Director		Operations - Gas Risk (EA)	Bob Hall 

La Metrice Dopson	Sr. Director	IT Infrastructure			Jenny Rub 

Mark, Greg and I need to have this information the day before the scheduled breakfast meeting.  The group description may be the most difficult to get, but you can look at this as a good way for you to get to know the leadership team within ENW and what they do.  I will be glad to help you with the details - just let me know.   Noting each employee's direct supervisor will just make it that much easier for us to understand where everyone fits into the organization.  

I would also like to have this information for the breakfast meeting that was held this morning.  Thanks.  

--Sally 

Can I also take a look at the total list of employees that will be invited to the breakfast meetings?  The list that I used last week for Senior Directors and above for the Tuesday lunch meeting was not completely up-to-date.  I just want to be sure that we are not leaving anyone out.  Thanks. 

Operator error - I misspelled your name.  Probably too late to include.  Sorry, I didn't see the failed delivery attempt until today.  Been kind of hectic at Enron!  --Sally 

 

Please do the same thing with e-mails from MIke Jordan.  thanks. 

I forwarded to you most of the ibuyit stuff still in my e-mail.  Please check all to see if they have been approved.  From this point forward, I don't want to automatically approve anything without my seeing it.  Please scan the rest of my e-mails to see if there is an ibuyit request that I failed to forward to you for you to check.  Please be sure that anything that has already been approved is deleted.  Thanks. 

Please go through my e-mails and print everything from Melissa Becker, put it in a folder (all should relate to follow up on the Accounting offsite in Galveston) for me.  I need to review that stuff and figure out when the next follow up meeting is going to be with either Rick and/or Melissa.  They have asked me to chair one of the follow up issues.  Some of the e-mails from Melissa relate to volunteers for my team.  I think there is also one saved voice mail with a volunteer's name.  Can you create a list (with contact numbers) of all volunteers from e-mails and voice mails to date?  Thanks.  Then please delete all e-mails from Melissa.  

Also, please go through my e-mails and print everything that relates to Center for Houston's Future.  I need to review these.  Most is from Marilyn Schoppe, but a few are from others, but reference CHF.  Then delete all of these e-mails.  

E-mails from Lexi Elliott regarding recruiting.  Please print all so that I can review them.  Please delete all e-mails after printing.  Thanks.  

This effort plus my clean up today should help shrink the e-mails that remain.  Thanks.  --Sally 

I forwarded to you most of the ibuyit stuff still in my e-mail.  Please check all to see if they have been approved.  From this point forward, I don't want to automatically approve anything without my seeing it.  Please scan the rest of my e-mails to see if there is an ibuyit request that I failed to forward to you for you to check.  Please be sure that anything that has already been approved is deleted.  Thanks. 

Please go through my e-mails and print everything from Melissa Becker, put it in a folder (all should relate to follow up on the Accounting offsite in Galveston) for me.  I need to review that stuff and figure out when the next follow up meeting is going to be with either Rick and/or Melissa.  They have asked me to chair one of the follow up issues.  Some of the e-mails from Melissa relate to volunteers for my team.  I think there is also one saved voice mail with a volunteer's name.  Can you create a list (with contact numbers) of all volunteers from e-mails and voice mails to date?  Thanks.  Then please delete all e-mails from Melissa.  

Also, please go through my e-mails and print everything that relates to Center for Houston's Future.  I need to review these.  Most is from Marilyn Schoppe, but a few are from others, but reference CHF.  Then delete all of these e-mails.  

E-mails from Lexi Elliott regarding recruiting.  Please print all so that I can review them.  Please delete all e-mails after printing.  Thanks.  

This effort plus my clean up today should help shrink the e-mails that remain.  Thanks.  --Sally 

FYI...Sally 

Hi Sally,

I got your fax today.  I'll ask the National Council BOD to reapproval your
chapter's note cards for sale to the public.

I'll be in touch the week of November 5th after I return from Los Angeles.

Please let me know if you have any questions

Take Care, Kathy Hoyt
              National Council Ways & Means VP

Approval still needed?  I do want to review anything at this point.  -Sally 

You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
http://spr5wb02.enron.com/scripts/wgate/bbpstart/!?%7Elanguage=en

Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.

Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
http://isc.enron.com/site/doclibrary/user/default.asp
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
http://iscedcenter.enron.com
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727

Only a week and a half to reply to you - I apologize!   The artickale was great.  In fact, today I have resent the notice with the hot link to my direct reports.  Since we all get so many e-mails, I wanted to be certain that this wasn't overlooked.  I pointed out to them that ENN had broadened its cover to include operations as well as technology, and that they should look for upcoming articles.  

Sounds as if your son had a strong start at Kleb as well.  This second six weeks is proving to be a little more challenging for Amanda - or her effort may have gotten diverted!  

I am copying my assistant on this note so that we can get lunch on the calendar.  --Sally  

I was at Kleb yesterday and found Amanda on the All A's Honor Roll; the apple didn't fall far from the tree!  I found my son on the All A's and one or two B's honor roll.  Did you see your article in Enron Net Works News (ENN)?  Have you received any comments?  Tom Gros read it and enjoyed it.  The webtrends reports indicate strong readership on the piece!  Look for the continuing series on Energy Operations in upcoming issues at http://enn.enron.com

Laura Johnson
713-853-9361
cell:  713-962-3732

Need to use this in contact list that I believe Tina put together for ENW.  

Please note my new Cell # 832-274-0236

regards

Steve

approval still needed?  

You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
http://spr5wb02.enron.com/scripts/wgate/bbpstart/!?%7Elanguage=en

Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.

Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
http://isc.enron.com/site/doclibrary/user/default.asp
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
http://iscedcenter.enron.com
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727

I am just a little tardy in working my way through e-mails!  I understand that you will be joining Beth Apollo's risk team in EES soon.  A win-win situation for everyone involved, I believe.  Please let me know when you will next be in town - would love to see you.  --Sally 

Sally

Hope all is going well in your new role as COO (and they are not working you too hard !)

As you know the European Office is currently undergoing a restructuring with voluntary redundancies etc.

I am currently working in EBS Europe as controller for Mid/Back Office - I have responsibilities for the following functions:-
- Contract Mgt / Documentation
- Risk Mgt
- Settlements
- Trade Accounting & Financial Reporting

This covers basically the whole of the Mid/Back office function.
Now EBS in Europe is not looking in good shape at the moment (with only 3 trades completed last month, and the whole of the Telecoms industry in a bit of a recession - with no indicators asto when this will change), so I think now is the time to start looking at other opportunities that may be available in other Enron business units.

As you may already know I have 9 years experience in Enron (7 yrs PQE since qualifying as a Accountant) gained in Finance, Structuring, new business set-ups (Gas, Continental Power, J-Block, EBS).

I have already spoken to Fernley Dyson & Barry Pearce as to what roles may be available in Enron (they are both getting back to me) and was wondering if you had knowledge of any other roles, given my particular skill-set both here in Europe and the US.

If you can't think of anything it doesn't matter - just though I would drop you a note on the off-chance.
But if you can think of any areas or have the names of people I could contact I would be most grateful

Thanks

Neil

Doing fine - still in the boat.  At what is truly the eleventh hour, I seem to be getting calls about taking the Netco operations role.  Despite my statement of disinterest, there are those who would like to have one more conversation when the purchaser is known and a real role could be discussed. 

I have met with Fallon several times over the last several days, but each meeting has specifically focused on information needs for E&Y relative to the estate or conference calls related to the transition services agreement with Netco.  Jim seems busy with these issues.  

I am meeting with Janet D. tomorrow morning at 8:00 to give her an update on an infrastructure plan.  I have Bob Hall researching the details and status of the Peoples JV, Bridgeline and wholesale and retail power positions in California (he is coordinating with Beth Apollo and team on the retail side).  These details will help us flesh out the right support if these are some of the first assets that will be managed to create a go-forward company.  

I enjoyed the dinner Tuesday night and had the opportunity to visit over dinner with a couple of people that I had not known before.  Seems like a good group.  --Sally 

How are you doing? Still with us in the little boat? :)

Have you and Jim talked about setting up the infrastructure?

Regards
Delainey
I won't be able to attend the meeting on Friday.   I have an eye doctor's appointment at 9:30, so it is also unlikely that I will be able to call in, unless I am pleasantly surprised and he is running on time!  I will take the dial in number with me to the appointment in the event that I am somewhere in the process that allows me to dial in.  --Sally 

Dave Delainey has asked that everyone please plan to attend a followup meeting tomorrow, Friday, January 11, 2002.

	Date:		January 11, 2002
			Friday

	Time:		10:00 am (cst)

	Location: 	30C1
	
	Topic:		Followup

For those of you that are out of town or traveling, a dail-in has been arranaged:

	Dial-in:	888-282-9640

	Passcode:	13289 

Kay Chapman
Executive Assistant
Office: 713-853-0643
Fax:    713-646-3702

Approval still required?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  --Sally  (I do want to see all of these right now) 

You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
http://spr5wb02.enron.com/scripts/wgate/bbpstart/!?%7Elanguage=en

Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.

Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
http://isc.enron.com/site/doclibrary/user/default.asp
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
http://iscedcenter.enron.com
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727

Yes, it has only taken me 23 days to respond, but yes I would like to get this report.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Do you want to receive this weekly headcount report from HR?  Recaps weekly hires, terminations.

TS

Your term report attached.

Sandy

Attached is this weeks headcount report.  If you have any questions please feel free to give me a call @ x3-3445

 << File: Wk010.03.01.xls >> 

Cecilia 

In case you missed this, just wanted you to see that this Enron Net Works publication that to date has focused only on the IT organization has now been broadened in scope.  The hot link to the site should work, and if you click on Features and then Energy Operations you will see the article referred to below.  The editor has spoken to a couple of you also.  Her plan is to get with each one of you and to run a series of articles about Operations.  --Sally  

Have you seen the latest edition of Enron Net Works News?  See what our new Chief Operating Officer has to say about Energy Operations, help us welcome the new Vice President of ENW HR, find out why MKM is the name for the information game, and take a peak at CRM Enron style.  All this and more at enn.enron.com (http://enn.enron.com).

Meeting content for the October 5th ENW All-Employee meeting will be posted on ENN within a few days after the meeting.  You will receive a follow-up message concerning online access to the content of the meeting. 

NOTE:  In the event that you are unable to execute the above link, please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser.
  

Let's save this in case I have to send out something to all management committee members.  Thanks. --Sally 

 

Cleaning out e-mails.  Does this still need approval?  --Sally 

You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
http://spr5wb02.enron.com/scripts/wgate/bbpstart/!?%7Elanguage=en

Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.

Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
http://isc.enron.com/site/doclibrary/user/default.asp
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
http://iscedcenter.enron.com
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727

Yes - at 3:40 pm.  Will try to leave by 4:00 or so.  --Sally 

are you at work?
 

Thanks for finding this!  I have printed it on a color copier, so I will have it with me as an example - am actually pretty close to being finished.  

Had a fun visit with Cara and Anna.  What a cutie Anna is!  And what a good baby - still haven't heard a cry, or at least not one like my kids could produce!  They left after breakfast this morning, while most of us were at church.  Meagan stayed home to work on essays for college applications.  

So sorry to hear about the car wreck.  Glad that you two are okay, but what an inconvenience.  Hope that the other guys insurance covers everything.  --Sally 

Sally, found this over the weekend...for ideas and inspiration....

 http://www.needlenookoflajolla.com/stitchers_corner/images/Imga0127.jpg

Sally, found this over the weekend...for ideas and inspiration....

 http://www.needlenookoflajolla.com/stitchers_corner/images/Imga0127.jpg

Please be aware that there will be a number of risk management people in at the weekend, running important scenarios and position reports. Please make sure you are contactable if problems occur. Send your contact numbers to Sally.

Thanks
MRP

Declines in Houston and replacements are noted below:

	Declined				Replaced by 

Chris Chang (Financial Settlements)		Gordon Heaney

Kelli Little (Gas Risk Management)		Matt Olney

Anna Kulic (Gas Risk Management)		Monte Jones

Susan Scott (Gas Scheduling)			Shannon Groenwald

I do not have updated information on acceptances or declines from Portland or Calgary Operations at this time. --Sally 

Sally,
We are trying to track declines and I wanted to make sure I have all the accurate information. I know that we had at least three declines:
Chris Chang
Kelli Little
Sladana Kuclic

I know that we made an offer to Shannon Groenwald(sp) but I am not sure who declined so we could make an offer to her. Please let me know these names. Thanks Sally!

Mandy

I worlked with Jeff Gosset, Stacey White and Bob Hall today on their input for proposed promotions for Operations.  Tana Cashion has the recommended names and salary increases.  Do you need anything else?  Description of their respoinsibilities, rationale for promotion recommendation, etc.?  Let me know.  

I mentioned to Tana that letters had been given to both Jeff Gossett and Bob Superty in late November or December stating that they would be promoted from Director to Senior Director at the first of the year.  We have Jeff covered, but with the change in Bob Superty's reporting relationship, I want to be certain that his promotion doesn't fall through the cracks.  Tana was somehow unaware of these letters, although they were prepared by HR.  As you review the entire list of proposed promotions, please be check to make sure that Bob Superty's name was submitted by Scott Neal for a promotion.  

Thanks.  --Sally 

I know you are both busy.  Lots of push back from London on Doorstep Reviews.  I recognize that our world is pretty crazy right now.  However, it is London's normal stance to push back on the reviews and work to the change the timing.  I think that they view being a subject of a Doorstep review as an elective procedure on their part.  

Next week I will follow up with you to get your thoughts on Doorstep efforts during the 4th quarter.  Wanted you to see my reply to Fernley below.  --Sally 

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

Please see exchange below.  Can you send me current plans - who, when, where and what - for London reviews?  I would put a several day moratorium on contacting London regarding upcoming Doorstep review plans until I get back with you.  Thanks.  --Sally 

I know that in our meeting with Rick and Rick we talked about being creative on London reviews and leveraging what is being done by EAS - maybe directing them on additional activities and doing some leg work by video conference.  What happened to that effort?  Sounds as if from the London e-mails that we stepped right back to flying people around the world.  

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

I won't sent this to you daily, but this is what we are providing to Treasury each day.  FYI --Sally 

Sally - as discussed in the meeting today attached is the consolidated list of cash flows for tomorrow.  This forecast includes all expected activity with the exception of NYMEX broker wires and OTC margins which are not available until approximately 6:30 a.m. tomorrow. Those numbers will be given to Paul Garcia as soon as they are known. I gave a copy of this spreadsheet to Paul and Mary Perkins about 6:15; they have my home and cell # if they need additional information tonight.  If you have any questions about the data please let me know.  

Thanks,
Leslie

 

Thanks for letting me know about this.  I have copied Bob Hall, since he manages daily operations for EA I know that he would want to be aware of critical issues, particularly at this time.  I will also use this as an illustration with the rest of my team during a staff meeting tomorrow morning so that my direct reports who manage operations across all commodities will be aware of the potential risks created with manual wires.  --Sally 

Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever!!!!

Teresa,

Pursuant to a discussion you had with Debbie Brackett last month regarding manual wires not process through SAP impacts the return of collateral a great deal.   It is very important that these manual wires be processed immediately in order for us to receive the correct feeds from SAP and calculate the correct net exposures for each counterparty.

Today, Melissa Ratnala confirmed that we made a manual payment to Reliant Energy Services on October 10th in the amount of $57MM.  Unfortunately, we were not advised of the payment and it was not reflected in the SAP feeds.  This resulted in Reliant holding $57MM collateral for an additional 12 days.  The management of cash collateral is extremely important and we need accurate information, in order to manage our daily cash position.  

Please advise of any other counterparty that manual wires were made.  

How can we resolve this issue promptly?

Thanks,

Veronica Gonzalez
Credit Analyst
Enron Corp.
Phone: (713) 853-0511
Fax: (713) 853-9476

Let's talk tomorrow about how we get everyone on the ball and thinking.  

Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever!!!!

Teresa,

Pursuant to a discussion you had with Debbie Brackett last month regarding manual wires not process through SAP impacts the return of collateral a great deal.   It is very important that these manual wires be processed immediately in order for us to receive the correct feeds from SAP and calculate the correct net exposures for each counterparty.

Today, Melissa Ratnala confirmed that we made a manual payment to Reliant Energy Services on October 10th in the amount of $57MM.  Unfortunately, we were not advised of the payment and it was not reflected in the SAP feeds.  This resulted in Reliant holding $57MM collateral for an additional 12 days.  The management of cash collateral is extremely important and we need accurate information, in order to manage our daily cash position.  

Please advise of any other counterparty that manual wires were made.  

How can we resolve this issue promptly?

Thanks,

Veronica Gonzalez
Credit Analyst
Enron Corp.
Phone: (713) 853-0511
Fax: (713) 853-9476

Please print attachement on cashflows for me - then delete my e-mail.  Thanks. 
revised
 

File has been converted to USD.  An October 01 amount was aslo added to the ENA tab for the USD Prepay section.  

Clara

Clara Carrington
Financial Trading
Manager - Rate and Currency Risk Mgmt
Direct Tel: (713) 853-9224
Email:  Clara.Carringotn@enron.com

Please print message and attachment for me.  Thanks.  --Sally (then message can be deleted) 

I attach an Excel file with some statistics on minority owned businesses in
Harris County.  A few interesting facts that we can conclude from the
charts are:

   Minorities represent 57% of Harris County population.
   Minorities own 23% of the businesses which have employees (i.e.,
   ignoring one-person businesses).
   Minority firms on average each have 40% as many employees firms of all
   ownerships in Harris County.
   Minority owned businesses generate 5% of all the sales of Harris County
   based firms.
   Revenue per employee is about half as great in minority owned businesses
   as in all businesses and compensation per employee (at around $18,700
   each) is about 60% as great at minority firms as at all firms.

Something that is not disclosed in the numbers but which would be
interesting to know is how much higher a fraction of company employees are
minorities in minority owned businesses.  Does anyone have any information
on that subject?

A couple of other interesting points that I have come across include:

   Texas is second among the states in the fraction of firms that are
   minority owned (California is first).
   Harris County is third among all counties in the U.S. in the fraction
   that its minority owned firms compose of  all statewide minority owned
   firms.

We can discuss the implications of all this information when we are
together again next week.

(See attached file: Harris County Minority Businesses.xls)

 - Harris County Minority Businesses.xls 

Major budget focus for today beginning in a few minutes is to have our act =
together for the Delainey/Dietrich EES review tomorrow - Anthony Dayao, Bet=
h Apollo and Kerry Roper will join me for a walk through. =20
=20
Finalizing EIM budget will likely not get done today.  Can give you the det=
ails on why later today.  Will become obvious.=20
=20
Just meet with Shankman and McConnell.  Not ready to finalize EGM budget ye=
t.  They say that their commercial guys are waiting for Jeff Johnson to get=
 with them on details of IT development projects.  I think that Jeff has be=
en out for a few days, but I did see him on the 3rd floor when I was down t=
here with Shankman and McConnell.  I will leave him a voice mail message to=
 get an update on outstanding issues from his point of view.  Jeff and Mike=
 want to have their stuff finalized by Friday.  I will convey that timeline=
 to Jeff Johnson.=20
=20
After EES budget prep meeting this afternoon, next tall order of business i=
s expanding our receivables monetization beyond EA to other commodities.  H=
igh priorty and very short time fuse on this one, for reasons that should b=
e obvious.  I will have all of the Operations leads and settlements leads t=
ogether this afternoon, along with Ramesh Rao and others in IT who may be r=
equired to help us extract necessary info. =20
=20
Nice way of telling you, Greg, that I understand your desire for a page of =
footnotes with budget explanations for Whalley, and that in my opinion that=
 falls at the end of the list behind some of these other things today.  I w=
ill work with Kerry on this.  I can tell you, however, that updates on budg=
ets are not top on anyone's lists today, including Whalley's.  We will hono=
r your commitment to get him updated information, and will provide as much =
detail as possible.  Best approach given the state of business today may be=
 to provide him with the high level overview (that one page of expense and =
capital), state where we are in the review process with each business unit,=
 and highlight reductions in expense and capital to date.   We can continue=
 to provide updates to Whalley as the EES, EIM, EGM and EBS (yes, I need to=
 coordinate with Mark P. when he is back on some changes here - confidentia=
l at this point).  Don't know how useful detailed footnotes will be for Wha=
lley before we truly finalize the various business unit budgets.  --Sally=
=20

Some things that jump out at me on the Whalley packet page labelled Global =
Support Dollars - 2002 Plan vs. 2001 Forecast Variance dated 10/23/01
=20
Under EGM, increase of 5,573 in operations expense and increase of 16,159 i=
n IT development expense.  Doesnt that sound like a big jump?
=20
What made EIMs infrastructure go up 2,334?
=20
How is energy operations for EES down 9,092?
=20
What did EES spend capital on in 2001 to make the capital IT infrastructure=
 variance be down 19,726?
=20
What is going on at Corp. with a positive IT infrastructure variance of 13,=
924?
=20
On the front page or Whalley summary page, why did depreciation go from 62,=
028 to 30,124 to 57,843.  I know some of what you said Kerry but we need to=
 make sure that Enron knew the 2001 depreciation number in the 2001 plan an=
d that 62,028 did get depreciated accurately and that it just so happened t=
o turn out that only 30,124 got done on our books.
=20
You get the point.  I think this is what Whalley will do too with the entir=
e packet on all pages.  I know the numbers are right, they just beg alot of=
 questions so make sure we have an updated, very accurate cheat sheet with =
all the explanations so when he gets the packet today, he can follow it!
=20
I assume everything ties that should.
=20
Thanks.
=20
GP
=20
=20
=20

Data only:  Enron Board met this morning; afternoon management committee meeting had been planned for today beginning at 2:30; that afternoon session postponed; short meeting with management committee was held an hour ago.  Call me later if you want details.  --Sally 

I won't be able to attend the meeting on Friday.   I have an eye doctor's appointment at 9:30, so it is also unlikely that I will be able to call in, unless I am pleasantly surprised and he is running on time!  I will take the dial in number with me to the appointment in the event that I am somewhere in the process that allows me to dial in.  --Sally 

Dave Delainey has asked that everyone please plan to attend a followup meeting tomorrow, Friday, January 11, 2002.

	Date:		January 11, 2002
			Friday

	Time:		10:00 am (cst)

	Location: 	30C1
	
	Topic:		Followup

For those of you that are out of town or traveling, a dail-in has been arranaged:

	Dial-in:	888-282-9640

	Passcode:	13289 

Kay Chapman
Executive Assistant
Office: 713-853-0643
Fax:    713-646-3702

In the lunch meeting that I held yesterday, I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on ways to improve employee morale at present.  I can always count on Bob Superty to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request - and to act!  Here are his ideas.  My thought is to get together an informal team (doesn't even have to be announced or publicized) to continue to generate ideas that could make a difference to employee morale right now and to make some of these things happen.  Any thoughts?  --Sally 
Sally, some thoughts/ideas that I thought about after your meeting.  

Lets promote the positive - some very exciting things are happening such as the move to the new building, lets make sure we get the PR out there to talk about the new features, move in plans, etc. I know security is tight but how about a mini open house. At this point it would do us good to go beyond the "Building Guy". I know I get excited whenever I'm over there. 

Things like vendors in the lobby to push new technology etc. I believe it's important to keep that almost "electric" atmosphere that surrounds the company. Lets show our employees that our outside business relationships are as strong as ever and our vendors/business partners still view Enron as someone they are eager to continue doing business with. I always get charged up when the lobby is full of activity. Keeps the pulse of Enron at a high level. Get some fun things out there, things the employees can purchase, electronic devices are always attractive. Work out a decent discount to make it exciting. Give it a holiday twist. Even if it costs us a few bucks to make that happen might be worth it. 

Make a push to host more industry meetings (GISB is one that I can help with). Lets get our counterparties in here and let them know nothing has changed. We can include mini tours of the new building to get the word back on the street about how we might be down but boy are we poised to grow, grow and grow some more. 

I mentioned to you that I believe it's important for the Executive team to show up often to reassure our employees that yes there are real, caring people running this company. Maybe some impromptu floor meetings to talk about recent events. Let them feel like there is a real connection. Make it personal and regular. 

Thanks for listening, the sense from my group has been okay. Lots of concerns but nobody running out the door at this point. I'll keep you posted. 

Bob Superty

I am forwarding this message to you sent to me by Bob Superty.  Bob is the director of Gas Logistics for Enron Americas, and attended the lunch meeting that I held yesterday.  I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on things that could be done to improve employee morale.  I can always count on Bob to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request.  Here are his ideas.  Some of these I can orchestrate for my operations team and the broader Enron Net Works employee base.  Some of these suggestions could impact a broader base of employees.  I would be happy to lead any or all of these efforts on an Enron-wide basis is you think that would be appropriate.  I could certainly use some help, however.  

You may already have a venue for this, but maybe it would be a good idea to put together a small team of interested individuals (like Bob Superty) who could make suggestions in the short run on ideas that could improve employee morale.  Not a formalized committee, and not even one that would have to be announced or publicized.  Just an ad hoc group to make a difference now.  Maybe this doesn't have to be corporate wide.  Maybe each business unit could put together an ad hoc group, if they feel that it is appropriate for their business unit, and maybe these various ad hoc groups could just share ideas.  This might be even more effective with buy-in and initiative from the business units, rather than the feel of a corporate overlay.  As I am typing, I am thinking that maybe we will pilot this in Enron Net Works and simply share what we are doing with others.  

Your thoughts?  --Sally 

Sally, some thoughts/ideas that I thought about after your meeting.  

Lets promote the positive - some very exciting things are happening such as the move to the new building, lets make sure we get the PR out there to talk about the new features, move in plans, etc. I know security is tight but how about a mini open house. At this point it would do us good to go beyond the "Building Guy". I know I get excited whenever I'm over there. 

Things like vendors in the lobby to push new technology etc. I believe it's important to keep that almost "electric" atmosphere that surrounds the company. Lets show our employees that our outside business relationships are as strong as ever and our vendors/business partners still view Enron as someone they are eager to continue doing business with. I always get charged up when the lobby is full of activity. Keeps the pulse of Enron at a high level. Get some fun things out there, things the employees can purchase, electronic devices are always attractive. Work out a decent discount to make it exciting. Give it a holiday twist. Even if it costs us a few bucks to make that happen might be worth it. 

Make a push to host more industry meetings (GISB is one that I can help with). Lets get our counterparties in here and let them know nothing has changed. We can include mini tours of the new building to get the word back on the street about how we might be down but boy are we poised to grow, grow and grow some more. 

I mentioned to you that I believe it's important for the Executive team to show up often to reassure our employees that yes there are real, caring people running this company. Maybe some impromptu floor meetings to talk about recent events. Let them feel like there is a real connection. Make it personal and regular. 

Thanks for listening, the sense from my group has been okay. Lots of concerns but nobody running out the door at this point. I'll keep you posted. 

Bob Superty

I got frustrated in trying to put together yesterday's lunch  - our list of senior directors and above in Net Works seemed incomplete.  I thought that Murray was a senior director, and realized that his name was not on the list.  I asked Christina to verify his title and to find out if he was in Houston this week so that he could be included.  I didn't understand why he wasn't on the list.  Does he report to you?  Hope that I didn't start a series of events that is wrong.  I thought that he did report to you and that that had been the case for several months.  So I didn't understand why HR's records were not correct.  --Sally 

fyi..
Thanks to all.  I'll follow up w/the processing center.
h
It's been done.

Blanca

Mary, 
Murray should report directly to Beth Apollo in SAP.   I was made aware of this today by Christina Valdez.   Would you please forward a SAP Web Based Form indicating the change in supervisors for Murray from Tim Belden to Beth Apollo as soon as possible and let us know when the form is submitted so I can confirm that it has been processed into the system?
Thanks for your help in this matter.
h

Didn't notice this e-mail yesterday!! --Sally 

Opps forgot to add the article.
Here it is!!!

Sorry again,
Chelsey
 - NCL NEWSLETTER.doc 

I am so glad that you joined us for dinner, as well.  I noticed that the Dean jokingly said that the scholarship checks were "in the mail".  The University does send those checks to the students, so please let me know if you have not received that.  

It was a pleasure again to visit with you over dinner.  Please keep me posted on your plans after graduation.  

Sally Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Hi Sally 
I hope you are having a great w/e.  
Thank you very much for organizing the dinner the other night.  I enjoyed myself a lot and it was good meeting you again.
Take care and all the best in your new appointment. 
Warm regards 
Soo Pang 

EIM's budget meeting with Lay/Whalley/Frevert has been moved from Wednesday, October 24 to Monday, November 5.  Kerry Roper sent you an e-mail message today with revised dates for budget reviews.  

McMahon is out of town today, and Ray Bowen's preference is to push the review of our revised ENW budget for EIM back to Wednesday (tomorrow).  I am coordinating with Kent Castleman on this meeting with Ray and will give you an update tomorrow after the meeting with Ray.  Kent believes that our current allocations are now acceptable to EIM.  They will okay the current EOL allocation, but are also very interested in the revised allocation methodology.  

Brent has had to unexpectedly drive to Austin this afternoon to lecture to a class at UT - a Rick Causey commitment that Rick asked Brent to fill today.  When Brent is back tomorrow we will regroup on the EGM budget with the intent of sign-off from Mike and Jeff by end of day tomorrow or Thursday.  

Whalley budget update - I reviewed this with Kerry today.  I suggested that on the Whalley recap sheet that we footnote that numbers were as of 10/22/01, and represented final agreement on EA charges, and revised charges (subject to final sign-off) for EIM.  The footnote should also say final reviews with EES and EGM are expected this week, so ENW charges to those business units are still preliminary.  I also suggested to Kerry that we footnote for Whalley the break-out and total (expense and capital) of budget reductions since our review with Whalley 10 days ago.  --Sally 

If you can make a call from where you are, let mw know and I will give you a download on both the all-employee meeting and our lunch meeting.  --Sally 

Feel free also to call me during my commute home tonight (613-417-1591) or at home tonight (281-370-8568).  

Happy birthday tomorrow! --Sally 

Pumpkin recipe dip attached.  

Absolutely - I would love for you to continue on the newsletter for next year.  Perhaps you would consider being the official Editor for next year?  That is the job that you are really doing!

Meagan sent her application in to OU today.  It's one of four schools to which she will apply, so nothing definitive yet.  But it is nice to get one out the door!  --Sally 

My assistant is faxing the two pages regarding news from national.  

Sally - We can probably use the pumpkin dip recipe; with so many ads we may need 2 pull-out pages (calendar/minutes being one).  Plus, it would be great for everyone to have it for the upcoming holidays.
Faxing or email will be the best way to get info to me today - it's back-to-back dentist appointments, manicures (my indulgence!), tumbling, cheerleading, etc. so I will out more than I'm in.
I really enjoy the newsletter and will be happy to remain in this position for next year (if you'd like me to!).  With my advertising/journalism background - although it's been a lot of years since I've used it very much - this is just my "thing".  And with such rapid changes in technology, it's a challenge to learn new skills!
Have a great day, and I'll look for the additional info - Thanks!  Robin

I will mail the checks and money to Barb.  There was one other item that I was going to deliver to you.  One of the women who had prepared snacks for the last general meeting turnedin the recipe for her pumpkin dip.  She said that many people were asking her for it, and if we had room, maybe we could publish it in the newsletter.  I told her that we would have to see how much official material we have from the chapter and if we wind up with a needed "filler".  Let me know if you do need a filler, and I can send the recipe via an attachment.  Feel free to call me at work - 713-853-5926.  I have the recipe in my briefcase. 
 
Glad Nancy got back to you on the food drive - or lack there of!
 
At fall regional training, I attended a Communications session - they provided a list by month of desired national information (from the national website) to be included in our newsletters.  Had planned to drop that off as well.  I am still at home right now, but I can fax that to you when I get to the office a little later.  
 
Thanks again for all of your hard work!!! --Sally 

Sally - sorry I didn't get back to you tonight; it was late when we got home from post-volleyball dinner and then the kids were on the phone - and internet until now.  It's been a long day to start the week!

We have a lot of ads this month (9)!  They will be "scattered" throughout the newsletter rather than all being placed on the back page, as they won't all fit in the half page.  If you'd like to mail the checks to Barb Lindsey (5523 Grosvenor Square, Houston 77069), that would be fine.  I don't keep the pink sheets once the newsletter is mailed out.

Nancy sent me a message that there will not be an official food drive at the Holiday Tea, and no announcement in the newsletter.  She indicates that we'll focus on the book drive for The Bridges, and Adopt-A-Family, and that, with the Sr. Presentation fees and tea fees all due in one month, it would be too much to do a food drive, too.  However, she said that if food items arrive we'll deliver them to NAM or TEAM.  If that's not still correct, please let me know.

Thanks!  Robin

P.S.  Boomer Sooner - Go OU!

Information forwarded below indicates that through October 22, we have not seen a drop off in deal counts executed through EnronOnline for derivatives trading.  Please let me know if you need additional information.  --Sally Beck (x35926) 

Sally - if you need additional data let me know.  As Torrey notes it looks as though the recent media reports have had no impact on the financial trading activity.  Thanks, Leslie
Hi Leslie,
 
As per our conversation, I have attached the graphs and trend data for the "top ten" counterparties. These graphs and data represent the EOL deal counts for each counterparty, by business day, since 9/24 and are based on Activity Reports run from the EOL database.
 
The trends are great, as all of the major financial counterparties are either doing business as usual, or actually increasing their activity with us slightly.
 
I will be in the office by 7AM tomorrow, so please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
 
Thanks,

Torrey Moorer 
EnronOnline Product Control Group 
(713) 853-6218 

 

Attached is a document relating to confirmations and settlements functions, opportunities, and key dates.  Let me know what changes you would like to see and we can incorporate into the document.  Thanks, Leslie

 

Robin:  

Several people gave me ad requests for the November newsletter.  I have had a crazy day at the office - should actually have been travelling to OU to interview students today.  Here are the ad contents.  I will try to call you on my way home and see if it is convenient to drop by the forms and the money.  In case I miss you, here are the contents:

Ashley Stone

Congratulations on being 
voted "Wittiest" at Klein.
We always knew you were!

Love, 
Mom, Dad and Stefani 

_________________________________

Congratulations!

Pam Martin
National Merit Commended Student

Love, 
Mom and Dad

_________________________________

Happy 17th Birthday

Kim (her mom didn't put a last name, but we may want to - I am blank, she is the daughter of Barbara ??????, our historian) 

With love and friendship'
Vivian and Lori Young 

_________________________________

Happy 13th Birthday

Chelsey Klingsporn (check spelling of name in directory - her mom paid for ad, but did not fill out a pink slip)
Love, 
Mom and Dad 

_________________________________

Other newsletter items:

Nancy Ramsey wanted to mention that sympathy goes out to Theresa and (her daughter's name?) on the death of their mother-in-law and grandmother

There will be a food drive for TEAM and NAM at the December tea - Claire Loria was to check with philanthropy chairs to find out if certain items would be needed by the TEAM and NAM food pantries - did she send you that detail? 

--Sally 
Hello, everyone! 
You have a reprieve this month!  I'll won't be working on the newletter until 10/22, so if you'd email me your report by 10/21, I'll  be working on it early next week - Thanks!  Robin

713-417-1591

It's about 6:45 pm right now - I need to spend 15 minutes or so on open items on my desk, then I will be headed home.  Commute takes about 35 minutes this time of night.  Try me in the car about 7:15 pm tonight and I can fill you in during my commute.  Feel free to call me at home tonight as well.  Best after 9:30 pm - 281-370-8568.  Other option will be during my commute tomorrow morning.  Try me in the car about 7:15 am.  --Sally 

Sally what's your cell number, I'd like to hear what was said in the MD meeting.

This is mid-day info from EOL trades today, compared to a full day recap for the same time last month.  We can recap for you at end of day, if you would like.  We chose counterparties that execute energy derivative transactions via EOL who have debt ratings that are higher than those of Enron. We can give you a complete recap at end of day.  

Bill Bradford in Credit would be the likely party to be fielding questions from counterparties on credit questions.  If you have not talked with him, I would suggest that you do so.  

Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Counterparty				9/21/01		10/22/01

J Aaron					47		145
Coral Energy				23		59
Bank Of America			11		31
BNP Paribas				4		21
Deutsche Bank				8		5	
AIG Energy Trading			2		4
Chase Manhattan			13		2
					

I will be at the Hyatt tomorrow for the all-employee meeting and I hope that each one of you will plan to attend as well.  Certainly with current press coverage and market reaction last week and today, there will be many questions for Ken, Greg and Mark to address tomorrow.  It will be important for all of us as members of the senior leadership team of ENW to be familiar with tomorrow's discussion at the all-employee meeting.  

To provide a follow-up opportunity to discuss what we hear in tomorrow's all-employee meeting, I invite you to attend an informal lunch meeting with me in ECS 4990 beginning at 12:00 noon.  This will give us the chance to clarify what we have heard and to collectively anticipate the reactions and additional questions that employees may have.  It will be important particularly now to be visible and accessible to our teams.  --Sally 

Please let Christina Valdez know today (x39106 or e-mail) if you will be at lunch on Tuesday so that we can place an order.   

I want to remind you about our All-Employee Meeting this Tuesday, Oct. 23, at 10 a.m. Houston time at the Hyatt Regency.  We obviously have a lot to talk about.  Last week we reported third quarter earnings.  We have also been the subject of media reports discussing transactions with LJM, a related party previously managed by our chief financial officer.  Today, we announced that we received a request for information from the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding related party transactions.

I know you will have a number of questions about these issues and events, which I will address.   As usual, I will be as candid as I can.  I will do my best to provide answers and talk about where we go from here.  I encourage each of you to attend or tune in tomorrow.

This is mid-day info from EOL trades today, compared to a full day recap for the same time last month.  We can recap for you at end of day, if you would like.  We chose counterparties that execute energy derivative transactions via EOL who have debt ratings that are higher than those of Enron. We can give you a complete recap at end of day.  

Bill Bradford in Credit would be the likely party to be fielding questions from counterparties on credit questions.  If you have not talked with him, I would suggest that you do so.  

Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Counterparty				9/21/01		10/22/01

J Aaron					47		145
Coral Energy				23		59
Bank Of America			11		31
BNP Paribas				4		21
Deutsche Bank				8		5	
AIG Energy Trading			2		4
Chase Manhattan			13		2
					

Tuesday - 10:00 to 12:00 - is the all-employee meeting at the Hyatt.  Given negative publicity over the last several days and the dramatic market reaction (stock price today down to $20), the meeting tomorrow should be well attended and I would expect that the questions will be quite candid.  MD's had a meeting this morning with Lay, Whalley and Frevert, and we made suggestions on what should be covered in the all-employee meeting.  

I have dropped out of my recruiting trip to Oklahoma tomorrow so that I can be present at the Hyatt meeting.  Since Mark and Greg are both travelling, I think that it is important to both Ken Lay and employees for us to have a visible prescence at the meeting.  As a follow up, I am pulling together a group of senior leaders within ENW at noon for an informal lunch (in the conference room without door handles!). We will discuss what we heard at the all-employee meeting and how to anticipate employee questions and deal with the possibililty of low morale.  I will stress the importance of visible, consistant leadership at this time, and will ask all to do their part on this.  I discussed this with Greg Piper this morning, and he suppports this effort.

Who do you want to have attend the lunch folllow-up meeting?  I need to send a note ASAP today to get this on everyone's calendar.  Beth Perlman suggested that we included Senior Directors and above.  Are you two okay with this?  --Sally 

Thanks for taking the lead on this.  Let me know if I can help.  --Sally 

ALL-

You will all be getting an invitation to a project greentlight meeting.  I would like to get together and discuss the logistics of what the committee will do.  Please think about:

1.  How often we should meet
2.  How to hold people accountable for projects
3.  Setting up timelines for where the committee thinks we should be at benchmark times.  (maybe each quarter end)
4.  Reporting progress to Sally and Rick Buy

I am sure there are many other things which I have left out, which you guys may want to add.  I appreciate everyone' s attention to this project both now and going forward.

Thanks,

Jeff

Do you want to have Jenny Rub join us for this budget meeting to review IT Infrastructure costs?  She owns that piece of the ENW budget.  Let me know.  Another option is that Anthony and I could cover those costs, with the option to contact Jenny if more detail is required.  --Sally 

Reminder:  Your 2002 Business Plan Meeting is scheduled as follows:

  Wholesale Services - 2002 Business Plan Meeting	 	

	Date:	Thursday - October 25, 2001
	Time:	1:00p to 3:00p 
	Place:	EB 872

  Attendees		

	Sally Beck
	Anthony Dayao
	Beth Apollo
Dave Delainey 
Janet Dietrich 
Dan Leff
Wade Stubblefield 
	
Thank you.

I am going to miss the reception on Sunday evening and interviews on Monday.  I will arrive on Monday night and will interview on Tuesday.  Look forward to seeing you then.  --Sally 

Hello OU Team - 

Is anyone else on the Continental 1117 (6:50PM arrival) flight this Sunday? If so, please let me know if you would be interested in sharing a rental car.  Thanks - Tana

   

Thanks, Jeff.  I will get you more info for you and your team in early November.  --Sally 

Golf Tournament names for gas risk management

Jeff Gossett	x37306		Hcp: 10
Errol Mclaughlin	x58274		Hcp: 36
O'neal Winfree	x39686		Hcp: 36
Kam Keiser	x35781		Hcp: 36 

Can you please provide info to Sally.

thanks

bob

RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
        11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start

Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks.  

Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 

Foursomes

Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services

Brent Price (1)

Kevin Sweeney (1)

Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 

Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks.  

Sally - if you want to suggest changes to the presentation tonite please call me at home 281-476-4408 or cell 713-907-6554. I apologize for misscommunication as to my piece of this activity.  You should have been copied on the org chart I did last week for NETCO; if not please let me know.  Thanks, Leslie

Thanks for the info, Bob.  I will get you more details on the tournament in early November.  --Sally 

Sally here is the information for the Logistics foursome:

George Smith, Tel #  - 713-853-6993, Handicap - 20
Darren Farmer, Tel # - 713-853-6905, Handicap - 30
Charlie Muzzy, Tel # - 713-853-1520, Handicap - 25
Bob Superty, Tel # - 713-853-0957, Handicap - 36

Can you please provide info to Sally.

thanks

bob

RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
        11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start

Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks.  

Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 

Foursomes

Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services

Brent Price (1)

Kevin Sweeney (1)

Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 

Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks.  

I will be there.  I will fill you and Mark in on what we hear.  --Sally=20

+
All yours.  Mark and I are out.

GP
Please plan to attend the Quarterly Managing Director Meeting scheduled for=
 Monday, October 22.  An agenda will be distributed at the meeting.=20

Meeting details are as follows:

Monday, October 22
8:30 - Noon
Hyatt Regency
Dogwood Room (located on the 3rd floor)

A video connection will be made from the London office.

Please call if you have any questions.
Joannie
3-1769

Is this for all assistants within ENW?  How many are there?  I would certainly be glad to split the cost with Mark and Greg.  --Sally 

Sally -

Tina had asked if you want to split three ways for Assistants Christmas gifts this year?

Christina

 << File: Holiday Gift 2001.xls >> 

Ladies,

Attached is a spreadsheet showing the cost for each of the Tiffany items you want to see.  Included are the 15% discount, 100 minimum quantity, tax.  It's also assuming that I can negotiate free shipping.  I think we need to stay under $10,000.  Even if we end up splitting it 3 ways, I would be afraid to go much higher.  Given that, I'll ask Leslie with Tiffany to bring everything under $100.

(-:

Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070

Since I was undecided on this meeting, I did not RSVP.  You may have alread=
y done so for me.  I do want to let them know that I plan to attend now.  T=
hanks.  --Sally=20

I do see Piper on the invitation list. =20

Please plan to attend the Quarterly Managing Director Meeting scheduled for=
 Monday, October 22.  An agenda will be distributed at the meeting.=20

Meeting details are as follows:

Monday, October 22
8:30 - Noon
Hyatt Regency
Dogwood Room (located on the 3rd floor)

A video connection will be made from the London office.

Please call if you have any questions.
Joannie
3-1769

To give you more free time on the weekend...

Shona:  Does this impact you?  Does anyone in your group plan to be in over the weekend?  

Enron Center South will be closed this Saturday from noon to 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.  Please pass this information on to everyone in your group.

Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070

RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
        11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start

Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks.  

Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 

Foursomes

Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services

Brent Price (1)

Kevin Sweeney (1)

Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 

Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks.  

Please print a color copy for me.  Thanks.  Also, forward to Bob Hall - I can never be sure that attachments forward correctly.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Ramesh and I combined our pieces to form an explanatory for the items in our worlds. 

The numbers shown here, are the Direct Project costs and do not reflect fully loaded costs.

 
I'll be in early in the morning, if you need to see this differently... I'm assuming its mainly to show how we got to the significant cuts/changes...

Stephen Stock
Enron Americas Front Office IT
Tel : 713-345-8980
Cell : 832-274-0236

The following individuals from The University of Texas at Austin have agreed to join us honoring Enron/UT MBA Scholar Recipients Holland Brown, Christopher Cashman, and Soo Pang Tang:

	Dean Bob May, McComb School of Business
	Dr. Linda Golden, Professor of Marketing
	Dr. Ehud Ronn, Director of Energy Finance 
	Dr. Angela Dorsey, Assistant Director of Energy Finance
	Dr. Beverly Hadaway, Director of EDS Financial Trading & Technical Center

See you there!

Sally
713.417.1591 (cell #)

	

	

Probably should have sent this to you as well as Brent.  --Sally 

What's the story on this one?  Who can best answer the four questions posed by Wanda?  How soon can we have answers?  Interestingly, I have a 4:00 PM meeting today with Rick Buy, David Port, Wanda Curry, Bill Bradford and Debbie Brackett (rescheduled from last Friday re: Project Greenlight, due to Buy's schedule).  I would like to be more informed than they are at 4:00.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Sally,

FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 

It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.

Thanks,
Wanda
Regards

Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@enron.com
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156

Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.

Burton & Zakiyyah

UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	

Thanks for forwarding the note to me.  I have asked Shona and Brent to get back with me on answers to your questions.  Shona's team did move this weekend to ECS (as did I), and I am not sure how much additional chaos this has added to her life for today!  I will follow up with her mid -afternoon on details.  

I agree with you that this serves as a good case study  - underscores indeed that we need to start some of the projects under Project Greenlight instead of continuing to document problems.  By definition,  to arrive at complete and accurate transfer daily of information from all source systems to RisktRAC, we must know the universe of all books and spreadsheets.  --Sally 

Sally,

FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 

It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.

Thanks,
Wanda
Regards

Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@enron.com
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156

Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.

Burton & Zakiyyah

UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	

Sorry to cut the conversation short last night, but frankly I was in tears and it didn't make sense to continue the conversation.  Certainly if you feel more comfortable staying at a hotel, you should do what you think is best for you.  We will just be happy to have you with us for whatever time you feel is right for you.   My reaction last night was simply shock, because we had never discussed your staying at a hotel during this visit.  And your lead in to the conversation with "you know we are staying at a hotel...", was such a surprise.  Yes, you stayed at a hotel when you were here for Thanksgiving, but that was with Cindy, Richard, Brigeda, Chris and Cara staying in our home as well.  With just the two of you, and since you had said nothing to the contrary, I assumed that you would be in our home.  

What you couldn't know, of course, is the caring time that I have taken over the last several weeks to complete a refresh of the guest room, all with the timing based on having it ready for the two you for this weekend.  But it was this special effort for your visit that made it particularly surprising and then disappointing to me that you will stay at a hotel.  I had it down to the details of new hangers for the closet, a real bed instead of just a frame, I ironed sheets on Sunday night (something that I never do for us!) and have my framer on a tight turn-around on reframing some family pictures to complete a wall in the guest room.  Certainly other guests can enjoy these things, too, but my timing on everything was to make the room even more comfortable and complete for you by the time of your visit. 

I have certainly gotten comfortable today with the idea that you will stay in the hotel, and again, whatever is best for you.  Sounds as if we should make that the "norm" from this point forward, and then expectations will be set ahead of time for everyone.  

I do hope that you can come in time for lunch on Friday.  I am planning to take the day off from work, and the plan was that David would join us so that the four of us could have lunch at Champions.  David has taken some office space near Champions, and we had planned to show you that as well.  Then we can rest (you can to do that at the hotel, if that is better for you), before having our nails done at 4:00.  But again, whatever works best for you.  Just let us know.  --Sally 
 

What's the story on this one?  Who can best answer the four questions posed by Wanda?  How soon can we have answers?  Interestingly, I have a 4:00 PM meeting today with Rick Buy, David Port, Wanda Curry, Bill Bradford and Debbie Brackett (rescheduled from last Friday re: Project Greenlight, due to Buy's schedule).  I would like to be more informed than they are at 4:00.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Sally,

FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 

It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.

Thanks,
Wanda
Regards

Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@enron.com
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156

Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.

Burton & Zakiyyah

UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	

Our meeting with EIM is set for Monday, October 12th from 9:00 to 10:30.  Ray Bowen has already reviewed the operations budget with Kevin Sweeney - Ray just initiated that meeting himself with Kevin one day last week, spur of the moment.  But that is the only meeting regarding ENW budgets that has taken place.  I have been working with Kent Castleman (EIM's CAO) since last week to arrange our meeting now set for Monday.  

I think that by "agreed plan", McMahon just means that is the amount that at this point EIM is saying they are willing to take.  --Sally 

Hi Sally,

When EIM say 'agreed plan' what does that mean? Have they had any conversations with us yet?

Regards

Mark Pickering 
Chief Technology Officer

Enron Net Works, LLC

  _____  

Re:  Attachment, here it is again......let me know if you receive attachment this time.

Christina

here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have

Kent

here is McMahon's email with the attached file

Kent

I had a discussion with Michael about allocations and the London office I would like to discuss with you.  

regards
bruce
Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.

The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.

 << File: Allocations to EIM 2002 Plan v2.xls >> 

Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen

The last message in this trail is McMahon's note to the Management Committee members regarding allocations and an attached spreadsheet with his proposed acceptance of allocations.  Just FYI.  

I met with Kent Castleman yesterday to get a feel for the areas where McMahon has questions regarding our Net Works budget.  I will pass those along to Brad, Jenny, and Beth today, and will copy you two on that note.  Bowen has already reviewed Kevin Sweeney's budget for Operations.  Kevin reduced his direct costs by $1MM relative to the original budget submitted, and Kent says that Jeff and Ray are fine with that one now.  I don't anticipate much conversation around that on Monday.  --Sally 
here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have

Kent

here is McMahon's email with the attached file

Kent

I had a discussion with Michael about allocations and the London office I would like to discuss with you.  

regards
bruce
Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.

The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.

 << File: Allocations to EIM 2002 Plan v2.xls >> 

Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen

Angela:

Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send a final list of attendees by the end of today.  

				 

Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@enron.com

Per my voice mail, Wanda is still the lead on this initiative.  From our conversation in your office, I had assumed that this would change.  Apparently has not to date.  

Rick Buy and I are scheduled to get together tomorrow for an hour.  My intent had been to review operational risk reports and information with him and to suggest an approach for meeting his objectives.  He has added Wanda, Debbie Brackett, Bill Bradford and David Port to the tomorrow's meeting since our first point of discussion will be a joint project that Rick and I are sponsoring.  Unless he pairs down the group in tomorrow's meeting after our first topic, I doubt that we will be able to discuss follow up on our conversation in your office regarding operational risk.  --Sally  

I want to move forward with scheduling the initial meeting of the Operational Risk Management task force.  How does Tuesday, October 16th and the afternoon of Thursday, October 18th look for everyone?  Please let me know your schedule for both of these dates.  Most of the task force members have been identified, with the exception of those from GRMO and IT.  Sally Beck will identify representatives from these two areas.  I would also expect that other individuals may be consulted from time to time as additional expertise or resources or required.  

I intend to schedule a two-hour block of time for this meeting.  The agenda will include, at a minimum,  the following topics:

	Definition of Operational Risk for  Enron - What's in and What's Out
	Preliminary Goals for Operational Risk Management (to be refined by the group)
	     Develop Common Language
                 Identify Framework for Monitoring Risk
	     Role of this task force  - Strategy
	     Set common objectives for implementation this year and a look forward to 2002
	Current Initiatives
	Communications Plan 
	Open Discussion - Other Ideas from the group 
			  - Suggestions re other groups/individuals to include on the task force
	

I am excited about leading this initiative for Enron.  We have a unique opportunity to define operational risk measurement for Enron, develop reporting guidelines, and provide qualitative assessments of operational risk, all of which will be considered during the risk capital allocation process.   But most importantly, we can identify ways to mitigate Enron's exposure to operational risk.  Please call if you would like to discuss any of the above prior to the meeting.  

Thanks, 
Wanda Curry

 

	    

Is this the staff meeting for next Thursday, October 18th?  I will be here that day.  --Sally 

Sally,

Greg won't make the ENW staff meeting.  Will you be there?  If not, I'll cancel it.

Thanks,

Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070

What is it that Oxley is looking for in the ENW PRC report that you mentioned?  

FYI below.

You mentioned today in the PRC meeting some numbers on VPs across Enron Corp.  I was surprised at the total number of VPs in the company that were not commercial.

ENW has 14 VPs, 1 MD and 3 in the OTC for a total of 18 employees in ENW at or above VP across commercial, commercial support, specialized technical and technical.

Of the 14 VPs, 5 are specialized technical, 2 are commercial and 7 are commercial support.

Although I have a large number of employees to look at in the coming months for both budget and PRC, I do not have very many at senior levels.

We will have an ENW PRC report as per your request from the meeting today by next Wednesday.

GP

 << File: MD and VP Export for Marla Barnard on 101101 v. 31.xls >> 

Marla Barnard
Vice President - Human Resources
Enron Net Works and Enron Broadband Services
713-345-8158
Cell:  713-898-3083

Through Friday, October 12 at 5:00 pm I will be in ECN 2748.  I will move to ECS over the weekend, so if you do not get my packet to me before 5:00 on Friday, please call my assistant (Christina Valdez x39106) to get my new location for Monday.  

Please email me your locations so I may deliver your packets in a timely manner.

thx!

alyse

All -

Attached is the event sheet for interviews next week, including all confirmation numbers and event times.  Please double-check your arrival/departure dates and let Alyse know (ext. 5-7339) by tomorrow afternoon if any changes need to be made.

I will see you all next week.

Thanks again for all your help!

Lexi
3-4585

 << File: UT Fall 2001 Interviews event sheet.doc >> 

Attached is an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is Enron's third year to award scholarships to three outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students.  Dean May will be in attendance, as well as other faculty members from the business school, including Ehud Ronn, Director of UT's Center for Energy Finance and Research.  

Since each of you will be in Austin to interview on campus on Tuesday, or will be arriving Tuesday to interview on Wednesday, I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  Please RSVP to me by Friday.  I will send you a complete list of attendees on Monday.  Call me if you have any questions.  --Sally 

					 

Absolutely, we would enjoy having Angela Dorsey join us for dinner.  I am glad that you made the suggestion.  Please extend the invitation to her now so that she can reserve the date on her calendar, and if you will send me her e-mail address we will send her an invitation as well.  

Thanks for the congratulations.  Yes, the title is an new one - announced just a few weeks ago.  

I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday evening.  --Sally  

Sally:

>This is our third year to work jointly with many of you
>in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding
>students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights
>to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to
>recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I
>hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday,
>October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.

As I have in previous years, I look forward to joining you, your colleagues
and mine at the reception and dinner.

Subject to understandable space constraints, may I be so bold as to suggest
you consider inviting my Center for Energy Finance Assistant Director
Angela Dorsey, who has been closely involved with all UT energy finance
activities?

I take this opportunity to congratulate you on what I believe is, at least
to me, your new title.

Best Regards,
Ehud Ronn

==============================================
   Ehud I. Ronn
   Professor of Finance and Jack S. Josey Professor in Energy Studies
   Director, Center for Energy Finance Education and Research
   McCombs School of Business
   University of Texas at Austin
   Austin, TX. 78712-1179
   Voice:  (512) 471-5853
   FAX:  (512) 471-5073
   Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu
==============================================

I have almost completely lost my voice today and am also running a fever.  I have coordinated with Bob Hall this morning and he will attend the 10:00 meeting in ECN 30C1.  He will be able to give a good overview of operations and will be able to coordinate any other information needs they may have.  All that I could do at this point is cough and nod! 
 
I could certainly answer any questions for the Euros via e-mail, if needed, over the weekend.  Call me at home (281-370-8568) and I will be glad to do so.  
 
I do expect to be in the office on Monday - hopefully with a voice.  --Sally 

Can you keep a running list of attendees and RSVP's?  Thanks.  

Sally--I look forward to seeing you again and will be there.  Linda Golden

At 04:13 PM 10/10/2001 -0500, you wrote:
>Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to
>honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund
>Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you
>in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding
>students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights
>to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to
>recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I
>hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday,
>October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance
>from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior
>management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus
>interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send each of you a final
>list of attendees by the end of this week.
>
>
>					 <<Scholar Dinner
>Invit.-10-16-01.doc>>
>
>
>Sally W. Beck
>Chief Operating Officer
>Enron Net Works, LLC
>Phone - 713.853.5926
>Fax - 713.345.8100
>sally.beck@enron.com
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>**********************************************************************
>This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
Thank you.
>**********************************************************************
>
>Attachment Converted: "c:\linda\eudora\attach\Scholar Dinner
Invit.-10-16-01.doc"
>

Can the travel agency send these things to you?  --Sally 

                                          AGENT BC/MD BOOKING REF ZERHVO

                                          BECK/SALLY
                                          EB 3015

  ENRON CORP

  DATE:  OCT 10 2001

SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  21OCT HOUSTON TX     OKLAHOMA CI OK 530P    650P
CO 1117    K          SUN   G.BUSH INTERCO WILL ROGER
                            TERMINAL C
                                                          NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         1:20 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-700
                            SEAT 20B NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID

CAR                   21OCT NATIONAL               OKLAHOMA CITY OK
                      23OCT CONFIRMATION: 509404553COUNT
                            TELEPHONE: (405) 685-7726
                            FAX: (405) 685 9658
                            INTERMED CAR AUTOMATIC AIR
                            RATE: USD39.00DY-UNL MI
                            RATE QUOTED
                            BASE RATE: *ZL*USD117.00 BR-3DY
                            PICK-UP: WILL ROGERS WORLD ARPT, OKLAHOMA
                            CITY
                            DROP-OFF: WILL ROGERS WORLD ARPT, OKLAHOMA
                            CITY

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  23OCT OKLAHOMA CI OK HOUSTON TX     730P    854P
CO 305     T          TUE   WILL ROGER     G.BUSH INTERCO
                                           TERMINAL C
                                                          NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         1:24 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-700
                            SEAT 06C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID

RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/U18LVM

BECK/SALLY W  S0C083ER1038

CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC681463
ASSISTANT: CHRISTINA VALDEZ 713 853-9106
*******************************************
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
*********************************************
$295 NON REFUNDABLE $340REFUNDABLE
ALL FARES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL TICKETED/PURCHASED

I have an ENW budget review meeting with EGM (McConnell and Shankman) set for 1:30 to 2:30 on October 15th. My intent had been to join Rick's meeting at the halfway point at 2:30 under the original schedule.  With the time change of Rick's meeting to a 1:30 start, I will now miss his meeting.  Please let him know that I will be in the budget review meeting with EGM during that time period.  Thanks.  --Sally 

The Joint Accounting/Finance Steering Comm Meeting scheduled for Monday 10/15 at 2:00 is being changed to 1:30 - 2:30 and will be held in the BOARDROOM instead of the dining room.

That would be great if you have time.  If you run out of time, we can wing =
it in lavendar.  Thanks.  --Sally=20

Sally,

On the presentation, I noticed that the "Commodity" in CommodityLogic didn'=
t show up on the slides because it was a very light lavender.  Do you want =
me to get that fixed before Friday?

Tina

I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last =
Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend.  For future =
all-employee events within ENW, we will try to schedule times that work bes=
t for all employees.  I didn't want you to be left out in this case, so I h=
ave worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics tea=
m so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Frida=
y.  I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting.  We ha=
ve two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you =
will enjoy seeing.  We will also review the slides that were used in the di=
scussions and have time for questions and answers. =20

=09=09=09ENW All-Logistics Meeting
=09=09=09Friday, October 12
=09=09=092:00 to 3:00 PM
=09=09=09ECN 5 C-2

Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@enron.com

Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send each of you a final list of attendees by the end of this week.  

					 

Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@enron.com

				

I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend.  For future all-employee events within ENW, we will try to schedule times that work best for all employees.  I didn't want you to be left out in this case, so I have worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics team so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Friday.  I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting.  We have two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you will enjoy seeing.  We will also review the slides that were used in the discussions and have time for questions and answers.  

			ENW All-Logistics Meeting
			Friday, October 12
			2:00 to 3:00 PM
			ECN 5 C-2

Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@enron.com

McKinsey:  I read their letter - pretty good recap of where we are today.  Todd Busby and I would like to meet with you regarding his assessment of market potential and internal trade-offs relative to that.  Would make most sense for the three of us to do that before having any further conversations with McKinsey.  What I know is that McKinsey can be very expensive to work with.  We would have to feel revenue opportunities would be very strong in order to commit to spend dollars with McKinsey.  

Staff Meeting Attendees:  Will Alan Sommers now attend the Thursday Net Works staff meeting?  Does he know about it for this week?  Have we made any decisions on the purpose and make-up of that meeting?  We are including Mark's directs on IT, but not their counter parts in Operations.  Including operations would make that meeting too big, so I am not necessarily suggesting that.  Just trying to rationalize the meetings that we want to have.  (FYI - In Causey's staff meeting today, Alan mentioned that the move of the ISC under Net Works was announced within Net Works - and spread - before Causey or Alan announced this to the people in the ISC.  Creates a bit of a bumpy start.  Causey is still very much in favor of this move - he did share with me last week 3 things that he will be looking for to insure that this move is smooth and yields the results desired,.  I can share those with you.  Causey has explicitly covered the 3 items with Mark in agreeing to the transition.)  

Budgets:  After meeting with Whalley last week, should we consider coming to the table as Net Works with a reduction in budgeted dollars (expense and capital) of 10% or so?  That has not been our goal to date, but maybe it should be, given the stretch that Greg is trying to make.  Might also bode well with all of the business units to which we are allocating if we could say that we took a hard look and made those reductions ourselves.  I have some ideas on how we might get there.  Let me know - we would need to get that done this week.  --Sally 

I am glad that you will be able to join us.  Yes, we are planning on cocktails first and then dinner.  I am waiting for a response back from Dean May to confirm the time - tentatively set for 7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner.  We can probably either officially slip this schedule back by a half hour to 7:30 and 8:00, or unofficially stretch this to work with your schedule.  We would be happy to have your husband join us as well.  Let me know whether to expect one or both of you. --Sally 

  

Hi Sally, nice to hear from you again.  I will certainly be in attendance...I do have a one-time a week class on Tuesday night (from 5-8) so I wanted to see if there was a cocktail half-hour or so planned that I could stretch out my arrival slightly.
Regards, 
Holland 

Dinner is still on for Tuesday, October 16 with Dean May and the three scholarship recipients.  One student, Holland Brown, will join us a little late, as she has class until 8:00 pm.  I sent a note to Dean May reconfirming the dinner and the time (7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner).  Seven other faculty/staff members are included on the invitation list, although I am awaiting a response from Dean May on any changes or additions to that list of UT attendees.  

I have booked The Josephine House again - yes, third year in a row, but it has worked well and hopefully those of us who are yearly attendees don't mind the repeat!  You, Brent and I took the the scholarship winners to Sullivan's late in the spring.  

Planned invitees from Enron are you, me, and Brent, plus the two others who interviewed candidates for the scholarships - Loftis Fitzwater (one of the first year winners) and Andrea Reed.  Roger Ondrecko was the fourth interviewer, but is obviously not included.  

Others that we could include are Billy Lemmons, as AA program head, Ben Glissan, as the MBA executive lead for UT, and Christy Patrick from University Affairs (frankly, though, I haven't been able to get University Affairs remotely interested in this event, even though Karen Marshall on their staff last year planned the dinner).  

Per your note, we could certainly include anyone else who may be helping us with interviews at UT.  Lexi says she will be busy that night making phone calls for 2nd round interviews, and she plans to have our analysts go to dinner with our summer interns who are back on campus.  Checking the list of "more senior" interviewers who could be included for dinner, it looks like Beth Apollo, Randy Petersen, Hunter Shively, and Greg Piper.  Lexi has checked with Wes about interviewing - he can't do it.  She is waiting for calls back from Mike Deville and Mark Lindsey.  

Who would you like to include from Enron at the dinner from the names in bold above?  --Sally     

I think that Mike might be available.  Also, maybe Mark could do both days.  Lastly, has anyone checked with Wes Colwell?  Sally, are we doing the scholarship dinner Tuesday night?  If so, should we involve some of these people?

Rick:

I have put together a brief campus update, including all previous and future events for the fall recruiting season.  Changes to our original campus plan are noted on the attachment.  As you can see, I still need 3 interviewers for October 16th.

All of our events have been well-received on campus.  The presentations that we have given to various student organizations have been of great benefit to our recruiting effort.

Regarding our campus numbers, I intend for the following:
Full Time:
Round 1: interview 55 candidates
Round 2: interview 36 candidates
Super Saturday: invite 15 candidates
Target: hire 10 candidates

Interns:
Round 1: interview 14 candidates
Round 2: interview 8 candidates
Target: hire 5-6 interns

	Please let me know if you need anything else or if I can provide any additional information.

	Thank you!

	lexi
	3-4585

	 << File: UT undergrad school summary.xls >> 

We are looking forward to dinner with you and other faculty members on Tuesday, October 16 as we honor the three students who are the recipients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  We have booked The Josephine House once again.  

I wanted to confirm several details with you.  

1)  Cocktails at 7:00 pm; Dinner at 7:30 pm  --Do these times work for you?  

2)  Last year's invitees from UT included the following:
    Associate Dean Philip Zerrillo				philip.zerrillo@bus.utexas.edu
    Assistant Dean Britt Freund				brittf@mail.utexas.edu
    Dr. Ehud Ronn					eronn@mail.utexas.edu
    Dr. George Gau					ggau@mail.utexas.edu
    Dr. Beverly Hadaway					hadawayb@mail.utexas.edu
    Dr. Linda Golden					mkllg@mail.utexas.edu
    Mr. Eloy Garcia					eloy.garcia@bus.utexas.edu

	Would you like to make any changes or additions to this list for the dinner?  If so, please let me know the changes and appropriate e-mail addresses as necessary.  

I will update you later in the week with the list of Enron attendees and the names of the students and their spouses, as applicable.  

I look forward to seeing you again at the dinner.  I have enjoyed being involved in the interview process for selecting the scholarship recipients for the last three years, and I especially appreciate the opportunity for Enron and the University to jointly recognize these deserving students.  Please call me with any questions regarding the dinner.  

Sally White Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com
 

Beth Perlman has fleshed out an idea for maximizing value for creditors of =
the Enron Estate that I believe has a lot of merit.  As you may know, one o=
f our business goals within Enron Net Works in 2001 was to commercialize mi=
d and back office services.  With the money and talent that has been poured=
 into Enron's trading operations systems and processes, we believed that th=
ere could be market demand for these services.  Ironically enough, we had s=
ecured our first services customer and were to begin providing these servic=
es on December 1.  Understandably, the customer became concerned during Nov=
ember and the deal was shelved.  Our experience was that there was much int=
erest in mid and back office services (coupling our systems and our people)=
, but that the major drawback in the marketplace was that it was indeed Enr=
on that was offering these services.  The market place didn't want us to "w=
in again" as Enron. =20

Obviously, the world has changed.  While effort is currently focused on the=
 formation of Netco and how to realize value from remaining contracts withi=
n EGM, EIM, EA, EES, etc., I think that we would short-change the Estate if=
 we did not bring the idea of a services company to at least the proposal s=
tage in order to evaluate its potential value for the Estate.  The idea wou=
ld be to form this services company with a consulting firm, which could pro=
vide some capital, additional resource pool and a ready sales channel.  Wit=
h the potential of spin-off companies from Enron and with former Enron empl=
oyees taking jobs with other firms, many doors would be opened for this "in=
dependent" services company to provide services.  Servicing the Enron Estat=
e could be the first engagement for this services company.  Depending upon =
the structure of the deal, benefits to the Enron Estate could be reduced co=
sts for systems and services, perhaps a cash inflow from the purchase of th=
e CommodityLogic tools,  the possibility of some revenue stream from other =
services engagements, etc.  Another important aspect of this idea is that f=
or the systems and operations professionals, this would create a true caree=
r opportunity - a service bureau offering through an established consulting=
 firm - making it much more likely that these people could be retained. =20

Beth and I met with a consulting firm today to explore the concept.  There =
is definite interest, so we discussed the idea with Greg Piper today.  We a=
sked him for clarification around the Netco agreement regarding systems, an=
d I believe that he has copied you on a note to Anne Koehler regarding this=
.  Our ability to process transactions is one of Enron's assets, and our ho=
pe would  be that we are not limiting the full realization of value around =
that asset in the way that the Netco agreement has been drafted. =20

The next step would be to have the consulting firm conduct a short due dili=
gence process so that a proposal could be presented for the Estate's consid=
eration.  Beth and I would like to move forward with the proposal stage.  I=
t would be helpful to know your view on the process which would have to be =
followed to consider the proposal.  If we as Enron felt that there is merit=
 to the proposal, would there simply be an approval process with the Credit=
or's Committee and the Court?  Would there have to be some sort of open bid=
ding process on the proposal?  To set expectations within the consulting fi=
rm, it would be good to be able to give them a feel for the process. =20

Your thoughts on this idea in general would be welcomed as well.  --Sally

We would like to honor you as recepients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships at a dinner in Austin on Tuesday, October 16 at The Josephine House at 7:00 pm.  .  Dean May and other members of the staff and faculty of the McComb Business School will be in attendance, as well as several of us from Enron.  We would like to include your spouse, where applicable.  

Please send me a return e-mail to let me know if you will be available on October 16.  As soon as I hear back from you, we will finalize details and e-mail an invitation to you with appropriate details.  Feel free to call me as well, if you have any questions.  My direct number at Enron is 713-853-5926 and my home number (best after 7:30 pm) is 281-370-8568.  --Sally 

This is the memo crafted by Andrew Parsons that was sent to the traders las=
t week regarding their back-up spots on the 30th floor of ECN during the re=
mainder of the construction in ECS.  You and Greg were copied on the origin=
al send of this memo.  --Sally=20

A backup seat and a backup computer have been assigned to you.  Please read=
 this communication in detail.

Purpose:  Net Works has developed a backup plan for possible work stoppages=
 after moving to the new building.  A wider business continuity plan will b=
e rolled out next year.

Location:  Large areas of the 30th and 31st floors of the current building,=
 Enron Center North, will be set aside for recovery purposes.  Your name ha=
s been put on the list and you will be notified once the seat assignments a=
re finalized.  Locations will also be posted at the entryways on the 30th a=
nd 31st floors.

Timing.  Through November, backup seats assignments will be announced as ea=
ch trading group moves to the new building.  The backup seats will be avail=
able at least to January 1st.

Testing.  Test times to try the backup PC and to familiarize yourself with =
your backup location will be announced by the IT team as the locations are =
finished.

Telephones.   Only regular phones will be available.  For those with speed =
dial phones, the IT team will download the numbers and leave them on a piec=
e of paper at your seat assignment.  Because the numbers change frequently,=
 we ask that you rely on keeping track of the numbers yourself and use the =
number lists as a last resort.
=20
Other supplies.  The IT team is not responsible for non-technical or specia=
l needs.  If you rely on hard copy forms, address books, etc, you will need=
 to be sure to leave appropriate supplies when you test the computer, or br=
ing supplies along if you are asked to move to your backup seat.

Limited Access.  The backup floor is not meant as a backup day-to-day work =
environment.  To keep the equipment functioning and secure, we plan to limi=
t access except for test times and if we need to invoke the plan because of=
 a work stoppage. =20

Escalation Procedures.  The plan will be  as follows: =20

I.=09During regular business hours

A.  Announcement.  You will be notified via the PA system if you need to mo=
ve to the backup location. =20

-OR-

B.  No Announcement.  If an obvious problem like a fire or power shutdown o=
ccurs, for example, all personnel with a seat assignment will be expected t=
o make their way to their backup seat without notification.

II.=09After hours

For after hours issues, greeters will announce the move to the backup locat=
ion as people arrive to work.  E-mails and voice mails will also be distrib=
uted.

Thanks for owning the question and sending me your ideas.  I agree that some sort of planned rotation for experienced hires could be beneficial to the company and to the employees.  I have another week or so of living the 2002 budgets, and then I will be able to do other things!  I am saving your note, and will get in touch with you after that to talk about your ideas in more detail.  I am copying my assistant on this note so that she can schedule a time for us to get together.  --Sally 

Hi Sally - 

I submitted the question at the Networks meeting in regards to employee rotation, and I though I'd drop you a note to expand on my thoughts. Being at Enron for just shy of a year, I quickly learned how frequently people informally move within the company and their business units. I've also noticed that often this is a point of frustration for many managers, and can cause friction and negative energy between business units. Logically, these transfers are typically occur into the "hot" BU's and into the "cold" BU's. 

I think a "formal" job rotation program within the support structure could help to minimize some of the above issues, and more importantly could provide a platform for developing, challenging, and retaining our staff. The rotation programs I've seen at my previous employers typically stop at the manager level, and require an employee to stay in a role for one year. After one year, they may submit their preference to remain in their current job which may or may not be accepted by the rotation committee. 

I am aware of the success of the rotation process within the analyst program and I would think there may be an opportunity to parlay this to the support platform. I appreciate your feedback on the topic. Thanks and regards. 

Al Miralles
EBS Risk Management
Office (713)345-4636
Cell    (713)825-9634

Thanks to those of you who attended the ENW all-employee meeting today.  It was great to see Brent, Bob and Kevin upfront and center.  All of you must have done a great job in reminding, encouraging, arm-twisting or forcing your teams to attend, because the ballroom was full!  

A morning meeting means that our logistics schedulers can't attend.  So we have reserved EBN 5C2 for Friday, October 12 from 2:00 to 3:00 so that we can show the videos and walk through the slides with the schedulers.  If a few others who missed today's meeting want to join, there should be room.

Thanks for the feedback so far on staff members to participate with Melissa Becker on one of the follow-ups from Causey's offsite - Attracting and Retaining Good People.  If you still have someone from your staff that would like to participate, please send me their names by Tueday next week.  

Golf on Monday, November 19?  Let me know early next week if you would like for a foursome from your team (could certainly include you!) to play in the afternoon tournament at Raveneaux Country Club.  If you have some team members who have worked hard on a project or put in some unusually long hours for you, this could be a nice reward.  Did I mention that David is in charge of this tournament?  

I will be out of the office on Monday, October 8.  Meagan and I will be in Dallas for Mustang Monday at SMU.  I hope that the streets will be ORANGE when I get there.  I will have my cell phone with me, if anything critical comes up.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday.  Have a great weekend!  --Sally 

Best day is October 26.  Could make October 25 work.  

October 24 and November 1 will not work for me.  --Sally Beck

From Milton Scott and Walt Mischer:

In an effort to ensure that the largest number are able to participate
in our Diversity Field Trip, four more dates are being proposed for
consideration.

Diversity Field Trip Newly Proposed Dates

October 24
October 25
October 26
November 1

Please reply with your availabilities before noon, Tuesday October 9.
Thank you for your commitment.

> Marilou A. Schopper
> Senior Vice President
> Center for Houston's Future
>
> Address:  1200 Smith, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77002-4400
> Phone: 713-844-3614
Cellular:  713-857-3506
> Fax: 713-844-0214
> E-mail: mschopper@houston.org
>
> Please learn more about us on the World Wide Web at:  www.houston.org
>
> 

Kevin, thanks for getting back to me with names so promptly.  Everyone on the list will be an asset on this effort.  --Sally 

Sally,

The following people are interested in helping Melissa Becker from EIM:

Shelly Wood
Sam Leuschen
Lisa Csikos
Mike Moscoso

Kevin

In a word - no.  ENW budgets have already been submitted to Corp as well.  There are allocations from ENW to Corp for IT Infrastructure (primarily headcount driven) and IT Maintenance and Development, and I will be reviewing these with Rick Causey.  The largest portion of our ENW costs are allocated to EA, EGM, EIM, and EES.  It is these business units primarily with whom we are meeting to share the level of detail discussed in my memo.   These business units already have in hand an allocation billing for 2002 from ENW.  Our meetings at a greater level of detail may result in some changes to the ENW budget, as business units understand more detail around the cost structures for supporting certain lines of business and certain IT development costs.  When I explained our budgeting process to Rick Causey, he had suggested that I share that with everyone on the Management Committee.  Some members are more directly impacted the the ENW budget than others.  --Sally 
We have already submitted our budget for PR, Govt' affairs, Facilities, corp HR etc.  Does the process below affect my numbers (please say no).

The 2002 Enron Net Works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services:  Enron Online, IT Infrastructure, Risk Management Operations and IT Maintenance and Development.  We are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years, and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive.  

We are meeting with individual business unit Offices of the Chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through Enron Net Works.  Some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and October 12.  Please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget:

Enron Networks today is very different from this time last year.  Additions to the 2002 ENW budget are Operations for EA, EIM and EGM.  Operations, IT Maintenance and Development, and IT Infrastructure for EES and EBS have been included under the ENW umbrella for the first time in the  2002  budget as well.  The 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year.   Any comparison of ENW's 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant.  

For further detail for each business unit, ENW's 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit's lines of business (products or commodities) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business.  

The detail that is being provided to business units for IT costs delineates licensing fees, system maintenance costs and new development costs.  Detail on each IT development project identifies the purpose, business sponsor, line of business, "in progress" or "planned" designation, expense and capital spend, system impacted, and estimated completion date.   In order to finalize IT project budgets, decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002.   

If you have questions about the ENW budgets as we are working with you to finalize them,  please call one of us.  

Greg Piper
Sally Beck
Mark Pickering  

SInce you unfortunately made an unnecessary trip into the office yesterday during your vacation, I assume that you are perhaps out of the office today finishing that vacation.  I am certainly looking for your list of additional items/projects that you believe need to be added to or made more explicit in the draft document for Project Greenlight.  I have rescheduled a meeting with Rick Buy for next Friday, October 12 at 11:30. I hope that you will be able to attend.  I want to be certain that we have enough time to review your comments and concerns, reconvene the appropriate group of steering committee members and/or project managers, and make any necessary changes or additions to the document before that meeting. 

I will be out of the office on Monday, taking Meagan to SMU for Mustang Monday - it's her one day off this fall for a teacher in-service day and nicely enough coincides with a scheduled day at SMU for high school seniors to visit.  I will be checking my e-mails when I get home that night, however.  

Sally    

A backup seat and a backup computer have been assigned to you.  Please read this communication in detail.

Purpose:  Net Works has developed a backup plan for possible work stoppages after moving to the new building.  A wider business continuity plan will be rolled out next year.

Location:  Large areas of the 30th and 31st floors of the current building, Enron Center North, will be set aside for recovery purposes.  Your name has been put on the list and you will be notified once the seat assignments are finalized.  Locations will also be posted at the entryways on the 30th and 31st floors.

Timing.  Through November, backup seats assignments will be announced as each trading group moves to the new building.  The backup seats will be available at least to January 1st.

Testing.  Test times to try the backup PC and to familiarize yourself with your backup location will be announced by the IT team as the locations are finished.

Telephones.   Only regular phones will be available.  For those with speed dial phones, the IT team will download the numbers and leave them on a piece of paper at your seat assignment.  Because the numbers change frequently, we ask that you rely on keeping track of the numbers yourself and use the number lists as a last resort.
 
Other supplies.  The IT team is not responsible for non-technical or special needs.  If you rely on hard copy forms, address books, etc, you will need to be sure to leave appropriate supplies when you test the computer, or bring supplies along if you are asked to move to your backup seat.

Limited Access.  The backup floor is not meant as a backup day-to-day work environment.  To keep the equipment functioning and secure, we plan to limit access except for test times and if we need to invoke the plan because of a work stoppage.  

Escalation Procedures.  The plan will be  as follows:  

I.	During regular business hours

A.  Announcement.  You will be notified via the PA system if you need to move to the backup location.  

-OR-

B.  No Announcement.  If an obvious problem like a fire or power shutdown occurs, for example, all personnel with a seat assignment will be expected to make their way to their backup seat without notification.

II.	After hours

For after hours issues, greeters will announce the move to the backup location as people arrive to work.  E-mails and voice mails will also be distributed.

Thanks, Joannie.  Sorry I didn't see it the first time around!  --Sally 

 << Message: Management Committee >> 

As discussed - happy reading on the plane...

 

  
Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Thanks, too, for getting my name in front of Ken!  --Sally 

I participated last weekend in the Leadership Forum for Fall 2001 of the Center for Houston's Future.  I wanted to thank you for recommending me as a member of the Forum.  I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet so many interesting, talented members of the Houston community.  I know that I will enjoy working with the group during our second session, November 1-3, as well as collaborating on some "homework" assignments that we will complete between now and then.   I especially am excited about the possibilities of making an impact on Houston's future through developing both relationships and action steps  through my association with the Center.   Thanks again for making this opportunity available to me.  --Sally Beck 

I participated last weekend in the Leadership Forum for Fall 2001 of the Center for Houston's Future.  I wanted to thank you for recommending me as a member of the Forum.  I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet so many interesting, talented members of the Houston community.  I know that I will enjoy working with the group during our second session, November 1-3, as well as collaborating on some "homework" assignments that we will complete between now and then.   I especially am excited about the possibilities of making an impact on Houston's future through developing both relationships and action steps  through my association with the Center.   Thanks again for making this opportunity available to me.  --Sally Beck 

The 2002 Enron Net Works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services:  Enron Online, IT Infrastructure, Risk Management Operations and IT Maintenance and Development.  We are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years, and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive.  

We are meeting with individual business unit Offices of the Chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through Enron Net Works.  Some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and October 12.  Please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget:

Enron Networks today is very different from this time last year.  Additions to the 2002 ENW budget are Operations for EA, EIM and EGM.  Operations, IT Maintenance and Development, and IT Infrastructure for EES and EBS have been included under the ENW umbrella for the first time in the  2002  budget as well.  The 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year.   Any comparison of ENW's 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant.  

For further detail for each business unit, ENW's 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit's lines of business (products or commodities) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business.  

The detail that is being provided to business units for IT costs delineates licensing fees, system maintenance costs and new development costs.  Detail on each IT development project identifies the purpose, business sponsor, line of business, "in progress" or "planned" designation, expense and capital spend, system impacted, and estimated completion date.   In order to finalize IT project budgets, decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002.   

If you have questions about the ENW budgets as we are working with you to finalize them,  please call one of us.  

Greg Piper
Sally Beck
Mark Pickering  

Our invitation to all Analysts and Associates to attend our meeting paid off with at least one!  --Sally 

Hi Sally,

My name is Luis Bravo, we met about a month ago in an Associates happy hour (I'm the intern who was trying -without success- to meet with you last summer), right now I am an Associate at EES, structuring businesses. 

First of all thanks for inviting us (Associates) to join your meeting. It was a very illustrative as well as an entertaining one -nice video by the way. 

I am writing you because I am very interested in getting to know more about the Risk Management operations at Enron Networks so it would be ideal for me to meet with you to talk about it; however, if not possible in the mean time, I would also appreciate if you could give me some names of people that I could contact to so that I can get acquainted of this side of Enron Networks operations.

Thanks a lot, 

Regards,

Luis Bravo

When: Friday, October  5, 2001 1:30 PM-2:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

rescheduled from Oct. 1, 2001 to Oct. 5 2001 same time and location (different date)

I have had my head buried in budgets and am just now coming up for air!  Congratulations on your new role.  With your most recent experience in Investor Relations, I know that you will do a great job in communicating with Enron's Board.  Best of luck in your new role.  --Sally 

I am pleased to announce that the Enron Board has elected Paula Rieker as corporate secretary, effective immediately.  She will replace Rebecca Carter, who has served in that role since 1999.  Paula will have dual reporting responsibility to me and to Jim Derrick, executive vice president and general counsel.

Paula joined Enron in 1990 and has experience in a variety of functions, including assistant treasurer for Enron Corp., vice president and chief financial officer of Enron Global Power & Pipelines, and vice president of Financial Initiatives in Accounting.  Most recently, she has been managing director of Investor Relations, where she has worked for the past four years.  Paula will continue in a dual role with IR through mid-October.  Paula has a bachelor's degree in finance from Texas A&M University, and she is a Certified Public Accountant.

Rebecca has been with the company for 11 years and served in a variety of capacities.  I want to thank Rebecca for her many years of service to Enron.  I am sorry she has decided to leave, but am grateful she will stay on through the end of January to ensure a smooth transition of her duties.  

Please join me in congratulating Paula on her new responsibilities and in wishing Rebecca well in her future endeavors.

Please check to see which reports will be reviewed in this meeting.  I have forwarded a few to you today to have printed in color.  If there are some reports to be reviewed that we don't have, can you get copies of those for me?  I want to take a look at them before the Oct. 10th meeting.  Thanks.  --Sally 

To all,

The above meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, October 10, 2001 at 1:00 - 2:00 p.m. in room EB 3321.

Thanks.

Wilma J. Williams, Sr. Admin. Asst.
EAS and EWS Financial Reporting
EB 2322B
Ext.  3-6603

Can I get a color copy printed?  Thanks.  --Sally 

The Power Trading audit, executed by Andersen, has been completed.  The attached Final Report has been reviewed with key process owners and issues were discussed with appropriate personnel, both during the audit and at the Closing Meeting.  Final Reports will also be reviewed in detail with Wes and Sally on a periodic basis.

EAS will follow up with you regarding implementation of corrective actions for High Priority Items

If you have any questions, please contact me at ext. 5-4554.  Thank you.

Mechelle Atwood
Director, Enron Assurance Services
Enron Wholesale Services
713.345.4554; Location:  EB2383
Mechelle.Atwood@enron.com

 

Can you get me a color copy of this document?  Thanks.  
The Flash to Actual audit, executed by Andersen, has been completed.  The attached Final Report has been reviewed with key process owners and issues were discussed with appropriate personnel, both during the audit and at the Closing Meeting.  Final Reports will also be reviewed in detail with Wes and Sally on a periodic basis.

EAS will follow up with you regarding implementation of corrective actions for High Priority Items

If you have any questions, please contact me at ext. 5-4554.  Thank you.

Mechelle Atwood
Director, Enron Assurance Services
Enron Wholesale Services
713.345.4554; Location:  EB2383
Mechelle.Atwood@enron.com

 

Thanks for your note.  I am wearing my longhorn shirt in the office today so that my affiliation for tomorrow's game is clear!  Let's hope for reveral of last year's score.  

Hope that 2nd year is going well.  I will be in touch in the next few days on details for a dinner with Dean May and the Enron scholarship winners later in October.  --Sally 

Hi Sally 
Heard the good news from Lexi when she visited campus. Congrats on your promotion to COO!  Best of luck in your new position.
Take care and remember to root for the Longhorns vs OU tomw.  We're hot this year! 
Warm regards 
Soo Pang 

FYI...

Mike Shanker called today and wants to spend Tuesday through Thursday next week in our office reviewing at a more detailed level the functional responsibilities within Operations and Accounting.  His goal, on behalf of Frank Bisignano (which I am sure that I have misspelled), is to map the job functions that we have into the job functions as they are organized within Solomon Smith Barney.  

I told him that we would be glad to work with him.  We will involve Bob Hall, Jeff Gossett, Stacey White, Leslie Reeves and others as needed in these more detailed discussions.  

Mike says that Wes is sending him a functional org chart for his team today.  I will touch base with Wes to make sure we are coordinated on our efforts.    

Is this the entity that had requested org charts that you asked for?  --Sally 

Please give to Mike ASAP for meeting with Sally that's occuring NOW...

Thanks,

Christina
I will be coordinating the efforts around the subject priority identified at the Global Accounting Leadership Conference.  We will be identifying people to help on all five priorities depending on each group's needs and interests.

The elements of the "attract and retain keyemployees" priority include:  

	1.  resource planning and utilization across Global Accounting 
	2.  on-campus and experienced hire recruiting
	3.  career development (effective analyst program for Global Accounting; new hire orientation; career planning, etc)
	4.  performance management (applying the PRC process in Global Accounting; additional forms of rewards and 
	     recognition)
	5.  networking/social activities

1.  Which of these elements, if any, are of particular concern to your group?
2.  Is there a  particular person(s) you would like to assign to one, several or all of these elements?

I anticipate that the time requirements will not be significant (a few hours each week, depending on the number of elements addressed by an individual, with some weeks heavier and some weeks lighter).

Please let me know!  Thanks!

Please print for Sally.

Thanks,

Christina
 
3 clear and concise accomplishments (hopefully) - in words

sorry about this morning - quarter end, AA, wes, jim - it's a zoo up here.....

b

Here it is...

Christina

This goes out tonight.

Good afternoon,

Please review and submit approval to Enron Messaging Administration.  The note will be sent this evening to ENW ALL..

Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Enron Messaging Administration
Meeting Content Will be Posted on ENW Intranet After the Meeting 
If you are not in Houston or can't attend the meeting, we will post the highlights of the event on the Enron Net Works intranet site within a few days after the meeting at <http://enn.enron.com>.  You will receive a follow-up message concerning online access to the content of the meeting. 

My hot buttons for operations  would be recruiting, career development and resource planning.  Before I simply make assignments, let me canvas my direct reports to be certain that we are assigning those with passion around these areas.  My staff meeting will be tomorrow at 9:00.  I will get back with you on volunteers and also to either reaffirm or alter the hot buttons that I mentioned.  --Sally 

I will be coordinating the efforts around the subject priority identified at the Global Accounting Leadership Conference.  We will be identifying people to help on all five priorities depending on each group's needs and interests.

The elements of the "attract and retain keyemployees" priority include:  

	1.  resource planning and utilization across Global Accounting 
	2.  on-campus and experienced hire recruiting
	3.  career development (effective analyst program for Global Accounting; new hire orientation; career planning, etc)
	4.  performance management (applying the PRC process in Global Accounting; additional forms of rewards and 
	     recognition)
	5.  networking/social activities

1.  Which of these elements, if any, are of particular concern to your group?
2.  Is there a  particular person(s) you would like to assign to one, several or all of these elements?

I anticipate that the time requirements will not be significant (a few hours each week, depending on the number of elements addressed by an individual, with some weeks heavier and some weeks lighter).

Please let me know!  Thanks!

Thanks, Rosalee.  I have forwarded the information to Jenny Rub with our IT infrastructure group.  --Sally 

Sally, this may not be in your area at all, but I am passing on to you, if applicable and any interest.  Thanks.

Rosie  

Hello Kenneth,

I am writing this short note in an effort to further my understanding of
Enron and establish some rapport with you regarding your ideas on voice and
video conferencing.
Polycom Network Systems manufactures the Accord infrastructure that allows
you to have multiple participants in video and voice conferences
simultaneously.  Fundamentally, I am interested to hear your ideas on voice
and video conferencing and perhaps have a discussion on how your
requirements (if they exist at all) may be addressed by Polycom Network
Systems in a dually beneficial business relationship.

I have attached two short introductions to the Accord Product Line to
eliminate the anonymity of this correspondence.  The Multi Network
Communication attachment furthers your knowledge about video conferencing.
The V2GC-20 attachment discusses the many features that the Accord Product
Line has to offer.

All the best to you,

Jenny Moore
Sales Navigator
Accord Product Line
9040 Roswell Road, Suite 450
Atlanta, GA, 30350
Direct: (770) 641-4466
Fax:    (770) 641-4499
 <<Multi Network Communications.pdf>>  <<V2GC-20(LF).pdf>>

 - Multi Network Communications.pdf << File: Multi Network Communications.pdf >> 
 - V2GC-20(LF).pdf << File: V2GC-20(LF).pdf >> 

Rick: =20

Thanks for the information on the task at hand regarding operational risk. =
 We will certainly name an appropriate person from Operations to be involve=
d in this project, and will work with you to help in achieving your objecti=
ves.  There doesn't appear to be anyone from ETS on your distribution list.=
  Operational risk is broad and would seem to be present in all of Enron's =
businesses.  Is the initial focus simply on the "wholesale businesses", or =
is there an intent to make this enterprise-wide? =20

I suspect that it would be helpful for all of us on the distribution list t=
o have a context for the way in which you see this RAC initiative complemen=
ting, replacing, overlapping, or perhaps duplicating the work of EAS, AA's =
internal audit engagement, the critical self assessment process being pilot=
ed in London this year by the operations team in conjuction with the AA aud=
its, Doorstep reviews, current operational risk reporting done by the vario=
us operations teams, and our major initiatives for EES tracked every other =
Thursday with you and Rick Causey.   Before we each choose our appropriate =
representatives from our respective areas, it might be constructive to cove=
r this in a kick-off meeting with the addressees on your memo. =20

I might also suggest that we work to clearly define roles and responsibilit=
ies at the beginning of this project.  The creation of a framework for quan=
tifying enterprise-wide operational risk is perhaps different from the impl=
ementation of daily processes or systems that are used at the business unit=
 levels.  As on other policies devised by RAC, it would seem that implement=
ation of anything new to meet reporting requirements against the to-be-deve=
loped operational risk policy should rest with the appropriate business uni=
t/functional area outside RAC.  The cross-functional team that will be form=
ed is probably best used to give input to RAC in creating the policy, but m=
ay not necessarily be the right body for implementation of specific initiat=
ives. =20

Finally, the second bullet point in Wanda's list below is already being add=
ressed through the project that you and I agreed upon in August to insure t=
hat information from all source systems to RisktRAC is complete, accurate a=
nd efficiently handled. As you and I discussed, this is a global effort spa=
nning all commodities/all locations/all source systems.   We have formed a =
steering committee with appropriate project managers and have worked closel=
y with Debbie Brackett in defining the scope, approach, key milestones, res=
ource requirements and projected timeline (Project Greenlight).  A team of =
stakeholders from Operations, IT and Debbie Brackett will meet tomorrow in =
order to review the project plan with David Port and Bill Bradford for fina=
l input.  My assistant is working with yours to set up a meeting then for D=
ebbie and me to review the work done to date and to review the proposed pla=
n and timeline.   Assuming that you are comfortable with Project Greenlight=
 when we review the details with you,  I think that it would be appropriate=
 to take this item off of the Wanda's list.  We can certainly update the cr=
oss-functional team on efforts underway, but there is no need for a new tea=
m to focus on this bullet point. =20

Sally=20

As you are all aware, the latest Risk Management Policy specifically addres=
ses Operational Risk, and more specifically commits Enron to develop system=
s and processes that enable Enron to better evaluate its operational risk. =
 To that end, I have asked Wanda Curry to lead a cross-functional team (the=
 "Operational Risk Committee"), which will be jointly accountable for meeti=
ng this commitment. I would like to have representatives from Enron Assuran=
ce Services, RAC, Research, Information Technology, GRMO and Arthur Anderso=
n. =20

Enron's primary objective for monitoring its exposure to operational risk i=
s to (a) identify the derivation of operational risk exposures and (b) impr=
ove the Company's systems and processes to mitigate such risk. The guidelin=
es for operational risk assessment are essentially undeveloped.  It will be=
 our challenge to identify, assess, categorize, quantify and mitigate expos=
ure to operational risk.  =20

The risk capital allocation process includes the consideration of operation=
al risk.  Initially, this assessment will be based on a qualitative view of=
 the business unit's internal processes, people and systems. The initial go=
al, for completion prior to year-end 2001, is to establish a baseline and/o=
r report card to convey a sense for where we are now.  It is Enron's object=
ive, as reflected in the Risk Management Policy, to increase the sophistica=
tion of risk measurement for operational risks through documented qualitati=
ve assessments and quantitative measurements. =20

A list of additional objectives to be addressed by the cross functional tea=
m has been prepared by Wanda.  These include:
=09
Develop a qualitative operational risk assessment approach and implement.  =
This approach should enable a quick review of key functions and standards t=
o identify weaknesses, monitor progress over time, and provide management w=
ith a representation of operational risk.
Assess and improve integrity of daily risk reports, i.e. require confirmati=
on that all books are captured, aggregated and processed through RisktRAC, =
CreditAg, and Infinity applications
Ascertain the extent of spreadsheet usage across Enron and develop the abil=
ity to monitor NOP, V@R, and MTM for spreadsheets separately, i.e. a Spread=
sheet DPR.  Work with GRMO to develop "rules of use" for financial valuatio=
n models and spreadsheet "books"
Utilize the existing RMS database and develop the ability to monitor interc=
ompany - interbook activity (initially for forward positions only) and repo=
rt variances=20
Recommend metrics for quantitative measurement of operational risk
Access need for additional or improved risk databases

Wanda will be contacting each of you to identify your designated operationa=
l risk contact that will participate on this cross-functional team. =20

Thanks,

Rick Buy

UGHHHHH!!

As you are all aware, the latest Risk Management Policy specifically addresses Operational Risk, and more specifically commits Enron to develop systems and processes that enable Enron to better evaluate its operational risk.  To that end, I have asked Wanda Curry to lead a cross-functional team (the "Operational Risk Committee"), which will be jointly accountable for meeting this commitment. I would like to have representatives from Enron Assurance Services, RAC, Research, Information Technology, GRMO and Arthur Anderson.  

Enron's primary objective for monitoring its exposure to operational risk is to (a) identify the derivation of operational risk exposures and (b) improve the Company's systems and processes to mitigate such risk. The guidelines for operational risk assessment are essentially undeveloped.  It will be our challenge to identify, assess, categorize, quantify and mitigate exposure to operational risk.   

The risk capital allocation process includes the consideration of operational risk.  Initially, this assessment will be based on a qualitative view of the business unit's internal processes, people and systems. The initial goal, for completion prior to year-end 2001, is to establish a baseline and/or report card to convey a sense for where we are now.  It is Enron's objective, as reflected in the Risk Management Policy, to increase the sophistication of risk measurement for operational risks through documented qualitative assessments and quantitative measurements.  

A list of additional objectives to be addressed by the cross functional team has been prepared by Wanda.  These include:
	
Develop a qualitative operational risk assessment approach and implement.  This approach should enable a quick review of key functions and standards to identify weaknesses, monitor progress over time, and provide management with a representation of operational risk.
Assess and improve integrity of daily risk reports, i.e. require confirmation that all books are captured, aggregated and processed through RisktRAC, CreditAg, and Infinity applications
Ascertain the extent of spreadsheet usage across Enron and develop the ability to monitor NOP, V@R, and MTM for spreadsheets separately, i.e. a Spreadsheet DPR.  Work with GRMO to develop "rules of use" for financial valuation models and spreadsheet "books"
Utilize the existing RMS database and develop the ability to monitor intercompany - interbook activity (initially for forward positions only) and report variances 
Recommend metrics for quantitative measurement of operational risk
Access need for additional or improved risk databases

Wanda will be contacting each of you to identify your designated operational risk contact that will participate on this cross-functional team.  

Thanks,

Rick Buy

Thanks for keeping me posted.  --Sally 

Sally -- just FYI in case it comes up, a counterparty search was done on the potential Terrorist list related to the Asset Freeze that bush ordered

We found one name in the system that matched, and we are currently working on determining if we have actualy transacted with the person.

Will keep you posted if we find out that we have or are doing business with him

Beth

Beth,

I have voice mailed John Brindle, Sr. Director, Corp-Public Affairs, who according to Bill Donovan is currently responsible for International Security and the correct Enron Contact on this matter.  

In summary, the CP in question (Mustafa M Ahmad - only a name match we are not certain of an exact match) was set up in GCP as an EES Gas customer as part of the legacy cleanup during August.  A CP with this name is listed in the HP9EESOCA billing system as active.  The record has been suspended in GCP by London and based on our records and research there is no active A/R or MTM exposure.

Expect that upon further instructions from John Brindle, and confirmation of an exact match, we will proceed with Settlements and potentially CSC as appropriate.

Awaiting further instructions from John Brindle.

James

Regarding the CP mentioned below (Mustafa M Ahmad).  A CP with this name is listed in the HP9EESOCA billing system as active.  We could not find a contract with this Counterparty.  

More detailed info on the CP is below.  Do we have any additional information regarding the person listed in the published list?

MUSTAFA M AHMAD
Contract:  9165
Acct Abreviation:  MUSTAFA M AHMAD
Street:  671 BERGEN ST
City:  NEWARK
State:  NJ
Zip:  7108
Title:  OWNER
Phone:  201-733-2246

what happened with this  -- are we really transacting with this CPty?

Yes and am currently determining if it is the same person.

have you run a similar analysis?  where do we go with this info?

James

In response to the recent order from President Bush to freeze any assets held in the name of a published list of groups and individuals suspected of terrorist activity, we conducted a search of the GCP database to ensure we did not have any established relationship with anyone on the list.

We found no such relationships with Enron Europe.  However, we thought we had better inform you that we did discover one record, created for Houston EES, with the following name which did appear on the list:

Mustafa M Ahmad GCP ID 130061.

The ID has been suspended by my GCP team here.  Please let me know if you need any further information.  

Kind regards

Anna

For the record, the full published list is as follows:

Al Qaida/Islamic Army
Abu Sayyaf Group 
Armed Islamic Group (GIA)
Harakat ul-Mujahidin (HUM)
Al-Jihad (Egyptian Islamic Jihad)
Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan (IMU)
Asbat al-Ansar
Salafist Group for Call and Combat (GSPC)
Libyan Islamic Fighting Group
Al-Itihaad al-Islamiya (AIAI)
Islamic Army of Aden
Usama bin Laden
Muhammad Atif (aka, Subhi Abu Sitta, Abu Hafs Al Masri)
Sayf al-Adl
Shaykh Sai'id (aka, Mustafa Muhammad Ahmad)
Abu Hafs the Mauritanian (aka, Mahfouz Ould al-Walid, Khalid Al-Shanqiti)
Ibn Al-Shaykh al-Libi  
Abu Zubaydah (aka, Zayn al-Abidin Muhammad Husayn, Tariq)
Abd al-Hadi al-Iraqi (aka, Abu Abdallah)
Ayman al-Zawahiri
Thirwat Salah Shihata 	 
Tariq Anwar al-Sayyid Ahmad (aka, Fathi, Amr al-Fatih)
Muhammad Salah (aka, Nasr Fahmi Nasr Hasanayn)
Makhtab Al-Khidamat/Al Kifah
Wafa Humanitarian Organization
Al Rashid Trust
Mamoun Darkazanli Import-Export Company

FYI -Sally=20

John is keeping us updated on Unify production problems, which unfortunatel=
y occur rather frequently.  When he cited the reason for performance issues=
 in his orginal e-mail message below, I asked him whether or not the Unify =
team was aware ahead of time that the server resynchronization was being ha=
ndled during normal business hours.  Here is his response.  I bring this to=
 your attention not to create an issue, but rather to solve one.  I know th=
at everyone is incredibly busy, but with so many interdepencies here we hav=
e to stay closely coordinated.  I know that EOL has a dedicated member of y=
our team who is always on point and knowledgeable about infrastructure issu=
es that could or do touch EOL.  Is there anyone assigned from your team for=
 a similar role with our critical operating systems?  Because of nomination=
 deadlines and the exchange of information with external parties for Unify,=
 it can create real exposure (dollar exposure and PR exposure) if Unify's p=
erformance is impaired.  Let me know if you can assign someone from the inf=
rastructure team that can wear the responsiblity of staying in step with Un=
ify.  Thanks.  --Sally=20

Unfortunately, we didn't get a notification - we played detective.
=20
In their defense, they had tried to do the resynchronization after-hours a =
couple of times and it failed, so they were somewhat desperate to get this =
done.  Nonetheless, a phone call should have been made to our team in advan=
ce.
=20

John is keeping us updated on Unify production problems, which unfortunatel=
y occur rather frequently.  When he cited the reason for performance issues=
 in his orginal e-mail message below, I asked him whether or not the Unify =
team was aware ahead of time that the server resynchronization was being ha=
ndled during normal business hours.  Here is his response.  I bring this to=
 your attention not to create an issue, but rather to solve one.  I know th=
at everyone is incredibly busy, but with so many interdepencies here we hav=
e to stay closely coordinated.  I know that EOL has a dedicated member of y=
our team who is always on point and knowledgeable about infrastructure issu=
es that could or do touch EOL.  Is there anyone assigned from your team for=
 a similar role with our critical operating systems?  Because of nomination=
 deadlines and the exchange of information with external parties for Unify,=
 it can create real exposure (dollar exposure and PR exposure) if Unify's p=
erformance is impaired.  Let me know if you can assign someone from the inf=
rastructure team that can wear the responsiblity of staying in step with Un=
ify.  Thanks.  --Sally=20

Unfortunately, we didn't get a notification - we played detective.
=20
In their defense, they had tried to do the resynchronization after-hours a =
couple of times and it failed, so they were somewhat desperate to get this =
done.  Nonetheless, a phone call should have been made to our team in advan=
ce.
=20

Mike Shanker called today and wants to spend Tuesday through Thursday next week in our office reviewing at a more detailed level the functional responsibilities within Operations and Accounting.  His goal, on behalf of Frank Bisignano (which I am sure that I have misspelled), is to map the job functions that we have into the job functions as they are organized within Solomon Smith Barney.  

I told him that we would be glad to work with him.  We will involve Bob Hall, Jeff Gossett, Stacey White, Leslie Reeves and others as needed in these more detailed discussions.  

Mike says that Wes is sending him a functional org chart for his team today.  I will touch base with Wes to make sure we are coordinated on our efforts.    

Is this the entity that had requested org charts that you asked for?  --Sally 

Thought I'd pass this comment along from Beverly!  --Sally 

NCL newsletter looks very nice!
 
Beverly

Thanks.  Sorry, we had to cut one hour down to 15 minutes.  Lots of time on budgets - still continuing this week.  What I would really like is a 15 minute download from an appropriate member of the Doorstep Team within a few days of their return from each review.  My goal is to stay informed on an on-going basis, not quarterly or by bunching several of these together.  If there are some concerns, I need to know right away.  Executive management will assume that I am staying informed on a timely basis, and that should be the reality.  The "i's" don't have to be dotted nor the "t's" crossed on the report in order to have this download meeting.  It is also highly likely that someone from the business location that has been doorstepped, will engage in a conversation with me.  I want to be prepared so that I am knowledgeable about the key points from each review, so that I can respond appropriately .  Thanks. --Sally 

Dear Sally,

As per your request a month or so ago, I've asked the doorstep teams to set up 15 minutes with you to go over their findings.

Best regards

Please find attached the final doorstep reports for the last few reviews that occurred.  Please let me know if you would like to discuss any of these reports further.  Thanks,

Christy

 << File: Portland Doorstep_Report.ppt >>  << File: Sao Paulo 2001.k.ppt >>  << File: Buenos Aires Draft 2001.5.ppt >>  << File: Coal_Weather_Emissions_Doorstep.ppt >> 

Wednesday is out for me, but Thursday, October 18 and Friday, October 19 both work.  I will tentatively hold both days until I hear back from you.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Also, great job on organizing the CHF event.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, and the people I met and the discussion that we had have certainly created a lot of food for thought.  I am in the midst of budgets this week, but will check with you next week on getting our boys together.  

From Walt Mischer and Milton Scott:

Please specify your preference (by return e-mail) for a full-day
diversity field trip.

Wednesday, October 17
Thursday, October 18
Friday, October 19

Thank you.

> Marilou A. Schopper
> Senior Vice President
> Center for Houston's Future
>
> Address:  1200 Smith, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77002-4400
> Phone: 713-844-3614
Cellular:  713-857-3506
> Fax: 713-844-0214
> E-mail: mschopper@houston.org
>
> Please learn more about us on the World Wide Web at:  www.houston.org
>
> 

Please put on my calendar.  Thanks. 

It would be great if you and your EES teams could come by.

Regards
Delainey

Sent by:	EES Distribution
	 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Thanks for the note and your words of encouragement.  It is exciting to work on something that helps build a strong franchise for Enron.  I appreciate the opportunity of being a part of that.  --Sally  

Guys,

Just wanted to send you a note of congratulations, given Q3 EES results  - you are and will continue to be a key and integral component to the success and growth of EES. 

I know there is a lot of heavy lifting and difficult decisions but I do believe we are starting to put a dent in the issues.  At the same time, we are developing a significant franchise of which Enron can be proud.  

Thank you
Dave

Always nice to see positive things.  Thought I'd share this with you.  --Sally 

Guys,

Just wanted to send you a note of congratulations, given Q3 EES results  - you are and will continue to be a key and integral component to the success and growth of EES. 

I know there is a lot of heavy lifting and difficult decisions but I do believe we are starting to put a dent in the issues.  At the same time, we are developing a significant franchise of which Enron can be proud.  

Thank you
Dave

These are Monday dates.  With the original date being October 2, a Tuesday, I just wanted to double check the dates with you.  Unfortunately, neither date works for me.  I am taking the day off on the 8th - Meagan has a school holiday and we will be in Dallas for Mustang Monday at SMU.  The program there ends at 3:00 or 4:00 in the afternoon, and we will have driven to  Dallas, so I can't make it work to be in Austin that evening.  And on the 15th, I have a monthly National Charity League meeting.  As president-elect, I am trying to make all of the meetings.  If it turns out that the intent was a Tuesday night meeting, the 9th or the 16th would work - 16th being the best because we will be in Austin for interviews!  --Sally 

Sally:

We have the option of rescheduling the NetImpact presentation for either October 8 or October 15.  Is either date acceptable for your schedule?

Thank you!

lexi

Hi Lexi,

I'm sorry about rescheduling the presentation and thank you for your
understanding.

Below are two dates for October which are available for presentation.
Please tell me which one would work best for you all and whether you would
like to continue with a presentation or company night.
Oct 8th	6-7pm
Oct 15	6-7pm

If you need more dates or anything else, please feel free to drop me an
email.

Thank you and see you soon!
Sutin Yang
FirestarryL@mail.utexas.edu
President
Net Impact for Undergraduates

If I were you, I would talk to Wanda and let her know that Ken is the point person as it relates to currently handling this matter and that we will trust that she will keep him fully informed and involved.  We are glad that she is there to provide some continuity on historical data, but all historical data and forward actions must be confirmed with Ken.  Let me know if you would like me to underscore this with Wanda, and I will be glad to.  Might be a good idea to send a note to Dave, Janet and Dan stating that legal has named Wanda as the point person, but that for appropriate continuity and execution that Ken must be fully involved - and that you have asked Wanda to make that part of her responsibility.  Copy Wanda on the note.  --Sally 

I will talk to ken and make sure that he keeps Murray and I in the loop.

Are you OK with Wanda's involvement.

We just need to make sure we keep an eye on her

B

jim lopes, bankruptcy counsel to the utility, called and he wants to start the reconciliation process re this claim amount in anticipation of settlement meeting.
this is good.
i have given him wanda's name to coordinate thru and diann and ken will please please assist. thanks.

Thanks for the updates.  When we had the problem with the server resynchronization, did someone from the Infrastructure team alert you ahead of time that they were going to do this during normal business hours, or did you have to be the detective to determine the cause once the problem was at hand.  Let me know. Thanks. --Sally 
Here is a summary of Unify operations for today.  My plan was to provide these reports to this audience through the end of this week, and then pick up again during next bid week.  I'll be glad to continue this type of reporting moving forward, please let me know if you are interested.  Alternatively, I could move to a weekly reporting of issues, and/or change the audience of this report.  Your feedback on the matter is appreciated.
 
Summary of 9/28:
Heavy activity in the Gas system, especially in the afternoon.  System performance dropped during the afternoon, but no downtime was experienced. 
At just after 3:00 pm, a network server experienced problems and as a result one of our EDI servers was unable to accept new files.  No EDI files could be sent to our hub as a result.  As it turns out, the Infrastructure team was in the process of performing a critical re-synchronization on that server, and the server was unable to write new data to disk for over an hour (during re-synchronization this window is typically just a few minutes).  Infrastructure typically conducts resynchronizations after-hours, but resynchronization had failed on this box on several prior attempts, so the issue had become critical.  At 4:26 pm, the re-synchronization completed and all EDI files in the queue were processed normally, and our 5:00 pm intraday nom deadline was met.  
Action Items:
The network servers referenced are to be decommissioned on October 5th, and will be replaced with newer more reliable servers.  This is part of a planned project within the Infrastructure team. 
I have discussed the issue with the Infrastructure team and communicated our various intra-day processing deadlines.  They have committed to notifying the Unify team in the event future emergency-type maintenance is required during business hours. 
On the Power side, we have caught up on all of our processing that was delayed as a result of yesterday's outage.  
 
 

I may have zapped some of these updates from John since he has started this.  May be good in our budget review meeting on Monday with Louise to have all of these updates in hand - and any documentation that you all may have kept on performance issues prior to John starting this update process - as back up for maintenance and capital dollars to be spent on Unify in 2002 to improve performance and reliability.  Can one of you get all of these updates?  Thanks. --Sally 
Summary of 9/25:
No major issues were encountered with Unify gas, other than periods of poor performance in the afternoon. 
On Unify power, we are experiencing performance degradation with our deal load process.   The process is now taking 6 hours, whereas in the past it would complete in 2 hours.  We restarted SQL Server on the evening of the 24th, but deal load performance did not improve on the 25th. 
We experienced a major issue with Unify power whereby our replication from Enpower was down for nearly an entire day.  We were made aware of the problem at roughly 5:00 p.m.  We notified all users to exit the system, restarted SQL Server and our database server (as previously planned), and were caught up at 10:00 pm.  We then started our planned nightly processing, but deal load performance did not improve.  We are working with the DBA team to improve notification in the event our replication processes are down. 
 
Summary of 9/26:
Unify gas performance was spotty during the morning under heavy usage.  We discovered a report being run in our production environment was contributing to our performance problems.  We will (again) reinforce the need to use the reporting database for such reporting in the future.  
Our Sitara bridge experienced significant backlogs at roughly 2:00 pm.  Upon investigation, we were receiving another SQL Server error (not the buffer latch error) which seems to indicate that processes were "sleeping" while waiting for system resources to free.  At that time, the Sitara bridge process was consuming a tremendous amount of system processes so we stopped that process (after consulting with Bob Superty).  Other processes in waiting immediately began executing normally, and we started the bridge roughly 30 minutes later. 
 
  
Summary of Critical Unify Operational Issues:
Issue
Status
Next Steps
Buffer latch errors with SQL Server have caused us to bring down Unify during business hours.
Open
Microsoft will not deliver a fix to us by October as planned.  They have discovered that the problem is an architectural issue with SQL Server, and will require additional time to fix.  In the interim, they will provide us with diagnostic tools which may help us predict when the buffer latch error will surface.
Database locks are causing performance problems.
Open
As previously stated, we have changed our pre-emptive maintenance thresholds, and are working on other refinements of our ongoing maintenance efforts.  We are also closely monitoring database activity to locate programs which are contributing to this problem.
Power Deal Load processing is degrading each month.  As a result, our end of month processes are bleeding over into normal business hours and causing additional performance problems.
Open
We have analyzed our deal load process in detail, and are performing a significant re-work.  Our plan is to have the process streamlined by October's end of month processing.
 
 
 
 
 

FBI agents have parked in my reserved parking spot in the new Enron garage Wednesday through Friday this week (#450).  The spot is clearly marked reserved, and as you know it is money out of my pocket for that reserved space.   I have left a polite note on the intruding car on Thursday and Friday, asking that the Reserved status be observed, as there are many unused, non-reserved parking spaces in the garage.  

I have put up with this for 3 days.  If the FBI will be back here next week, however, I will grow tired of this.  Is there some way to communicate with them so that they observe the Reserved parking spaces?  

I know that you have bigger issues at hand, but my concern is that if their visits to the building are extended, that I will be paying for a Reserved parking space that I never get to use!  

Thanks.  --Sally 

During the course of their investigation, Special Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation will be taking documents they believe may be important for their investigation from employees' offices.  The FBI has agreed to return copies of such documents. 

In addition, should you have an immediate need for a document requested by the FBI, please make a copy of the specific document and give the original to the FBI. Thank you for your cooperation.

Just to keep you up-to-date with the saga...

I am assuming one of you comes initially - you or Bob.  We don't mind someone coming later but do need someone in at the beginning.  What do you think?

Barry would be good and I do believe that he is an asset.  I will talk with Wes and see what we can suggest. 

With regard to your comment that I am "in", in my conversation with Greg Whalley a couple of weeks ago he said that he does need me to accomplish some things for the estate and that like Mark Haedicke, and perhaps himself, there could be some issues with the Estate and creditors committee if we were to go to Netco immediately.  What I agreed to with Greg is that I will be focused on the Estate and that I would be interested in talking about Netco in 30 to 60 days.  In the meantime, I will participate as much as you would like for me to on the due diligence process around the auction.  I will gladly meet with any and all prospective buyers to make them comfortable with our processes, systems, staff expertise and operational controls.  And you can also count on me if I can play a role in assuring that the staff destined for Netco is in tact and is motivated and excited about the opportunities there.  

Leslie Reeves will be getting the org charts to Tammie this afternoon before she leaves.  Gas logistics is not included in the operations org charts, as our understanding is that logistics is being included in the commerical org charts. 

--Sally

Barry is in Accounting for now, Jim wants him for the estate.  All of that was before you were in.  I had to plan.  I think Barry is an asset - Wes and I don't know where though.  Any thoughts?

Bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow.  I will coordinate with him on org charts.  Where do you want to have Gas Logistics - under Bob in operations or under trading?  Given your answer, we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts.  

Also, I talked with Bob Hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to Netco.  I had an interesting conversation with Barry Pearce this morning, and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way.  --Sally 

Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.

Thanks

The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.

The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-

(i) 	Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)				To be forwarded to Louise	
	These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.  
	The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.	
(ii)	Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)						To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
	First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized)
(iii)	Seating Plans								Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate
	We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.
	I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.
(iv)	Due Diligence
	We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.

I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.

Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.

If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.

Happy New Year

Louise

Realistically, only the trading support provided for straight-forward gas a=
nd power trading makes sense to consider in a cost per transaction mode.  I=
 would say that the only part of IT Development costs that could be conside=
red in that would be the system maintenance costs and maybe the licensing f=
ees.  Capital projects don't make sense on a cost per transaction basis - s=
hould be looked at as individual discreet costs that the business unit spon=
sor and ENW agree upon. =20

While we could come up with a methodology for cost per transaction, I still=
 have concerns about this on a lot of levels.  Frankly, the relationship be=
tween the book administrators and traders is just as collaborative as the E=
OL relationship.  If we are boxed into a cost per transaction, then wheneve=
r John Lavorato or the traders ask for a different view of data or an ad ho=
c analysis of P&L, we would need to discuss this as a change order and pric=
e accordingly.  Practically speaking, there is not one of the ad hoc trader=
 requests that isn't needed yesterday, and stopping to negotiate whether th=
e request is in or out of scope and additional pricing would probably get m=
e and my risk team fired!  I also have a big concern over pushing the envel=
ope on an arms length service arrangement.  I will have trouble recruiting =
and retaining the best people.  The guys on my operations team honestly wor=
k every day with the business goals of EA in mind.   They work hard to insu=
re success for EA.  That is what John and Louise should want.  Push us back=
 too far and no one will like the results if we don't have people fully ded=
icated to and feeling a part of the business to which they provide support.=
  It is kind of ironic.  I think that Enron is pleased with how I've manage=
d operations, and one of my goals when I took the role a few years back was=
 to create a true team between commerical and my operations team to make su=
re that this works for Enron.  I have some really good people who are very =
motivated, and a big part of that is my commitment to have operations viewe=
d as an integral part of the team at EA, EGM, EIM, etc.  We had to work har=
d to achieve that, but we've gotten there for the most part.  So how odd it=
 is to me that now some people want to undo what has been a major contribut=
or to the success that we have had.  EES is reeling right now partly becaus=
e they have never recognized the value of creating a good operations team, =
nor did they approach operations as an integral part of managing their busi=
ness in full.  And now I have been asked to help correct that.  Makes you k=
ind of wonder...=20

I am fully supportive of running operations (and ENW) like a business, with=
 a critical eye toward delivering value effectively.  When I first took thi=
s role I told my team that at that time we were the service provider of cir=
cumstance and that the goal was to move to a feeling that we were the servi=
ce provider of choice.  A component of this is definitely striving for lowe=
r costs and higher value delivered.  We can continue to improve on this, bu=
t going too far may produce the wrong answer for Enron.  --Sally=20

I have been thinking alot about this per transaction thing. =20

ENW provides three very different types of services to Enron.  The first, E=
nronOnline, is very collaborative and is very much an application building =
and operating situation.  No one at Enron is looking to outsource EOL funct=
ionality.  Creativity in that application is driven by the desks and ENW in=
 a marriage every hour of every day.   If it goes down for a minute, trader=
s are panicked and the news wires start pumping out that it is down.  I am =
not in favor of any relationship on EOL that would drive any kind of arms l=
ength wedge between us and any other group.  If my revenue is not large eno=
ugh on EOL, do I let service slip?  What is a new function and feature requ=
est that fits in the contract?  Do I do change orders?  What is an EOL chan=
ge order?  I think EOL is an allocation relationship.

IT infrastructure is something that could be outsourced.  It was once and i=
t didn't work very well and we pulled it back in.  If we outsourced it, how=
 would EDS or IBM or someone like that price that service to us?  By a per =
transaction charge?  Not likely.  On this one, we can charge exactly like i=
t was outsourced to them by charging per desk top, putting depreciation in =
a $/month charge, having them select their level of service on controllable=
, etc.  That would be up to Mark and Jenny.

So let's get down to what really is a service related to transactions and t=
hat is fulfillment and the operations and IT associated with that.  Let's s=
ay we went per transaction on that in some fixed and variable form.  Once a=
gain, the pain will come around negotiating levels of service and eliminati=
ng the flexibility for them to change quickly.   We will also have issues s=
ince we have shared systems and EIM and EGM may not want to pay per transac=
tion.

I am against per transaction for EOL, I am OK pricing something like any ot=
her service company would price on IT infrastructure, but I think we should=
 only consider per transaction on the fulfillment portion.

Your thoughts?

GP

Wes and team had preset the meeting schedule and topics to be covered in ea=
ch.  The outline that I sent you with the changes for the remainder of this=
 week is simply our best attempt at fitting coordinating topics around peop=
le availability and the meeting schedule that had already been set.  The sc=
hedule that we have been working with that Wes provided did not allocate tw=
o hours for the Friday meeting.  If you had set aside two hours, that had n=
ot been communicated to us.  There were only two one-hour meeting slots on =
that schedule.  One for ENW from 1-2 and one for Research from 3-4.  I have=
 a major conflict on Friday - I committed months ago to attend a meeting th=
at Ken Lay asked to be involved in that is in the Woodlands that runs throu=
gh the evening hours..  Only because Beth Perlman is out on Thursday for a =
religious holiday, I decided to "skip out" from this meeting to be here on =
Friday afternoon to discuss the Operations and IT Development budgets toget=
her.  In order to minimize my time away from the Woodlands meeting, I orche=
strated the time swap with Vince Kaminiski so that we could have our ENW me=
eting at 3:00.  I will talk with you later today and fill you in on the com=
mitment for Ken Lay.  Maybe we can work together for a scheduling solution =
that works for both of us.  I would appreciate your help on that, Louise.=
=20

Scheduling issues aside, Wes suggested that we also review with you the EES=
 budget that ENW has prepared.  Our approach so far has been to determine t=
he appropriate and necessary spend for 2002 for expense and capital for all=
 of the services that ENW provides to support the EES business.  We have do=
ne this without regard to who will cover which expenses - EES or EA.  That =
is a separate issue from understanding the services that need to be provide=
d and our best estimate at costs.  We are prepared, however, with a suggest=
ed split on the costs for discussion purposes.  I have assumed that the dec=
ision on cost sharing or allocation would be made between the offices of th=
e chair for EES and ENW.  If you would like to cover all of ENW's budgets t=
ogether, both for EES and EA, then it would make more sense to set a longer=
 block of time (maybe 3 hours?).  I will bring my schedule to our meeting a=
t 11:00 today to cover the Canadian budget and we can work out a schedule t=
hat works for both of us. =20

We will be prepared to discuss pricing per transaction, but will hold that =
until the end of our meetings when we have been able to review with you the=
 components of costs and the detail of capital projects.  Our review of cos=
ts and projects in effect will serve as our "scope of engagement" discussio=
n.  A service provider would never quote a firm price until agreement had b=
een reached on the scope of the engagement.  We will have a straw man for d=
iscussion on that.    --Sally=20

I am expecting an all in cost for this service - what do we achieve in sepa=
ration.  I had allocated two hours on Friday to do this from 1pm until 3pm.=
   Are you not intending an all in cost (per transaction) of IT and Operati=
ons?  If you believe that the outline below works then go ahead, do we just=
 have the total number debate on Fridy - if so let's start at 2pm.

Thanks

Louise

Louise,

To make our ENW budget discussions most meaningful, we felt that coupling d=
iscussions of the Operations and IT Development budgets will make the most =
sense.  To insure that we have the appropriate attendees in our  ENW 2002 p=
lan meetings and to schedule these meetings around Thursday as a religious =
holiday, I have worked with Wes Colwell and made a trade with Vince Kaminsk=
i to make all of this happen.  There is no change to your calendar in terms=
 of date, time or location of meetings.  We have simply realigned topics an=
d attendees as follows:=20

Date=09=09=09Time=09=09Location=09Revised Group=09=09=09Revised Attendees=
=20

Wed, 9/26=09=0911 - Noon=09EB3314=09=09Canada Support (unchanged)=09Wes Col=
well, Faith Killen, Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen, Sally Beck, Rob Milnthrop,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Bob Hall (added-responsible for EA
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Operations, including Calgary)
=09
Thurs, 9/27=09=091:30 -2:30=09EB3316=09=09ENW: EOL & Infrastructure=09Wes C=
olwell.Faith Killen,Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen, Sally Beck,Mark Pickering,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Jenny Rub, Greg Piper, Kerry Roper,=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Brad Richter (added-EOL), Jay =09=09=09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09Webb (added-EOL)

Fri, 9/28=09=091 - 2pm=09=09EB3316=09=09Research=09=09=09Wes Colwell, Faith=
 Killen, Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen,Vince Kaminiski (no =09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09changes)

=09=09=093 - 4pm=09=09EB3314=09=09ENW: Operations & IT Dev.=09Wes Colwell,F=
aith Killen, Louise=20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen,Sally Beck, Beth Perlman,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Mark Pickering, Greg Piper, Kerry
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Roper, Bob Hall (added-EA =09=09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Operations)=20

I look forward to reviewing details with you in each of these meetings.  --=
Sally

Anthony:  It's after 5:00 today and apparently the break out by project for ENW IT Development Capital is still outstanding from Rob.  Although we have missed our commitment to get restated (and fully footing) info back to Dan Leff and Wade Stubblefield today, I think that we need to be able to follow through on this tomorrow.  This is just one of a number of budget meetings that we are having to prepare for as Net Works, and it would be great to get one of these packages finished.   

Jenny:  Can Ken get this wrapped up today so that we can finalize all of this tomorrow.  We will just move today's plans -restated pages to you, Beth Apollo,  and Anthony by noon and, with your sign off, distribution of revised packet by afternoon - to Thursday.  Thanks.  

--Sally  

Guys,
These are the final open items for the EES packet.  
Project break out for ENW capital spend (Rob).
Explanation to Rob on the '01 Forecast Infra $12.2mm number - IBM Tower costs (Ken).

Please get back to me this evening on status.
Thanks,
Mike

This in in response to your offer that you had a few spots on the trading floor when we could locate people that won't move to the new builiding until April.  All of these would be IT applications support.  I would feel comfortable naming names, so if you think you have 5 temporary spots for these people and need names, I will get them to you.  Thanks.  --Sally 

I think it would be a great idea if we could get a few extra spaces for
IT support in the new building.

We would need five spots.

Two for Enpower (one for risk, and one for volume mangement and confirms)
Two for Unify (one for logistics and one for EDI)
One for Gas Risk

I won't make requests for specific personnel (yet)  just not the most junior
personnel. 

Let me know if you need anything else.

thanks

bob
 

Wes and team had preset the meeting schedule and topics to be covered in ea=
ch.  The outline that I sent you with the changes for the remainder of this=
 week is simply our best attempt at fitting coordinating topics around peop=
le availability and the meeting schedule that had already been set.  The sc=
hedule that we have been working with that Wes provided did not allocate tw=
o hours for the Friday meeting.  If you had set aside two hours, that had n=
ot been communicated to us.  There were only two one-hour meeting slots on =
that schedule.  One for ENW from 1-2 and one for Research from 3-4.  I have=
 a major conflict on Friday - I committed months ago to attend a meeting th=
at Ken Lay asked to be involved in that is in the Woodlands that runs throu=
gh the evening hours..  Only because Beth Perlman is out on Thursday for a =
religious holiday, I decided to "skip out" from this meeting to be here on =
Friday afternoon to discuss the Operations and IT Development budgets toget=
her.  In order to minimize my time away from the Woodlands meeting, I orche=
strated the time swap with Vince Kaminiski so that we could have our ENW me=
eting at 3:00.  I will talk with you later today and fill you in on the com=
mitment for Ken Lay.  Maybe we can work together for a scheduling solution =
that works for both of us.  I would appreciate your help on that, Louise.=
=20

Scheduling issues aside, Wes suggested that we also review with you the EES=
 budget that ENW has prepared.  Our approach so far has been to determine t=
he appropriate and necessary spend for 2002 for expense and capital for all=
 of the services that ENW provides to support the EES business.  We have do=
ne this without regard to who will cover which expenses - EES or EA.  That =
is a separate issue from understanding the services that need to be provide=
d and our best estimate at costs.  We are prepared, however, with a suggest=
ed split on the costs for discussion purposes.  I have assumed that the dec=
ision on cost sharing or allocation would be made between the offices of th=
e chair for EES and ENW.  If you would like to cover all of ENW's budgets t=
ogether, both for EES and EA, then it would make more sense to set a longer=
 block of time (maybe 3 hours?).  I will bring my schedule to our meeting a=
t 11:00 today to cover the Canadian budget and we can work out a schedule t=
hat works for both of us. =20

We will be prepared to discuss pricing per transaction, but will hold that =
until the end of our meetings when we have been able to review with you the=
 components of costs and the detail of capital projects.  Our review of cos=
ts and projects in effect will serve as our "scope of engagement" discussio=
n.  A service provider would never quote a firm price until agreement had b=
een reached on the scope of the engagement.  We will have a straw man for d=
iscussion on that.    --Sally=20

I am expecting an all in cost for this service - what do we achieve in sepa=
ration.  I had allocated two hours on Friday to do this from 1pm until 3pm.=
   Are you not intending an all in cost (per transaction) of IT and Operati=
ons?  If you believe that the outline below works then go ahead, do we just=
 have the total number debate on Fridy - if so let's start at 2pm.

Thanks

Louise

Louise,

To make our ENW budget discussions most meaningful, we felt that coupling d=
iscussions of the Operations and IT Development budgets will make the most =
sense.  To insure that we have the appropriate attendees in our  ENW 2002 p=
lan meetings and to schedule these meetings around Thursday as a religious =
holiday, I have worked with Wes Colwell and made a trade with Vince Kaminsk=
i to make all of this happen.  There is no change to your calendar in terms=
 of date, time or location of meetings.  We have simply realigned topics an=
d attendees as follows:=20

Date=09=09=09Time=09=09Location=09Revised Group=09=09=09Revised Attendees=
=20

Wed, 9/26=09=0911 - Noon=09EB3314=09=09Canada Support (unchanged)=09Wes Col=
well, Faith Killen, Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen, Sally Beck, Rob Milnthrop,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Bob Hall (added-responsible for EA
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Operations, including Calgary)
=09
Thurs, 9/27=09=091:30 -2:30=09EB3316=09=09ENW: EOL & Infrastructure=09Wes C=
olwell.Faith Killen,Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen, Sally Beck,Mark Pickering,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Jenny Rub, Greg Piper, Kerry Roper,=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Brad Richter (added-EOL), Jay =09=09=09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09Webb (added-EOL)

Fri, 9/28=09=091 - 2pm=09=09EB3316=09=09Research=09=09=09Wes Colwell, Faith=
 Killen, Louise
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen,Vince Kaminiski (no =09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09changes)

=09=09=093 - 4pm=09=09EB3314=09=09ENW: Operations & IT Dev.=09Wes Colwell,F=
aith Killen, Louise=20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Kitchen,Sally Beck, Beth Perlman,
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Mark Pickering, Greg Piper, Kerry
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Roper, Bob Hall (added-EA =09=09=09=09=09=
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09Operations)=20

I look forward to reviewing details with you in each of these meetings.  --=
Sally

Thanks so much for your note.  I have assumed my new role as COO right at budget time, so in addition to being on top of the budget for my operations team of about 1000, I have picked up responsibility for the other budgets under Enron Net Works, another 2500 people that deliver our IT infrastructure, our system maintenance and development projects and our e-commerce platforms.  The learning curve is steep right now, but fun!

Your association with Vanderbilt sounds interesting.  CIndy is keeping me abreast of your project.  I sincerely hope that this proves to be a great fit for you.  

While everyone in the country has been profoundly impacted by the terrorist attacks, I can only imagine that the feeling is heightened for those of you that live in New York.  My thoughts are with you and your family.  --Sally 

Sally,
As you may already know, I've been working with Cindy on a project that may
be potentially rewarding to us both...I have become CEO of an people
assessment company that has grown out of Vanderbilt University.  But more
importantly is you.  Cindy was kind enough to keep me abreast on the
wonderful professional promotion that has been granted to you.  In brief,
although our time together was quite short, I immediately realized why there
was such positive talk about you.  Congratulations. All my best,

Geoffrey Mann
24 Arbor Lane
Dix Hills, New York 11746
cell: 516 983 0065
land: 631 547 0217
fax: 631 423 6049
email: geoffreymann@hotmail.com

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

Louise,

To make our ENW budget discussions most meaningful, we felt that coupling discussions of the Operations and IT Development budgets will make the most sense.  To insure that we have the appropriate attendees in our  ENW 2002 plan meetings and to schedule these meetings around Thursday as a religious holiday, I have worked with Wes Colwell and made a trade with Vince Kaminski to make all of this happen.  There is no change to your calendar in terms of date, time or location of meetings.  We have simply realigned topics and attendees as follows: 

Date			Time		Location	Revised Group			Revised Attendees 

Wed, 9/26		11 - Noon	EB3314		Canada Support (unchanged)	Wes Colwell, Faith Killen, Louise
											Kitchen, Sally Beck, Rob Milnthrop,
											Bob Hall (added-responsible for EA
											Operations, including Calgary)
	
Thurs, 9/27		1:30 -2:30	EB3316		ENW: EOL & Infrastructure	Wes Colwell.Faith Killen,Louise
											Kitchen, Sally Beck,Mark Pickering,
											Jenny Rub, Greg Piper, Kerry Roper,											Brad Richter (added-EOL), Jay 												Webb (added-EOL)

Fri, 9/28		1 - 2pm		EB3316		Research			Wes Colwell, Faith Killen, Louise
											Kitchen,Vince Kaminiski (no 												changes)

			3 - 4pm		EB3314		ENW: Operations & IT Dev.	Wes Colwell,Faith Killen, Louise 
											Kitchen,Sally Beck, Beth Perlman,
											Mark Pickering, Greg Piper, Kerry
											Roper, Bob Hall (added-EA 												Operations) 

I look forward to reviewing details with you in each of these meetings.  --Sally 

Yesterday, Wes and I discussed some changes to the timing of ENW budget meetings with Louise this week.  I also confirmed a swap in times on Friday afternoon with Vince Kaminski.  Outlined below are the revised topics and revised attendees.  The date, time and location of meetings on the calendars of  Wes, Faith and Louise remain unchanged - we have simply reorganized and reordered the ENW topics to be covered to facilitate the most beneifical grouping for understanding ENW's expenses.  

Date			Time		Location	Revised Group			Revised Attendees 

Wed, 9/26		11 - Noon	EB3314		Canada Support (unchanged)	Wes Colwell, Faith Killen, Louise
											Kitchen, Sally Beck, Rob Milnthrop,
											Bob Hall (added-responsible for EA
											Operations, including Calgary)
	
Thurs, 9/27		1:30 -2:30	EB3316		ENW: EOL & Infrastructure	Wes Colwell.Faith Killen,Louise
											Kitchen, Sally Beck,Mark Pickering,
											Jenny Rub, Greg Piper, Kerry Roper,											Brad Richter (added-EOL), Jay 												Webb (added-EOL)

Fri, 9/28		1 - 2pm		EB3316		Research			Wes Colwell, Faith Killen, Louise
											Kitchen,Vince Kaminiski (no 												changes)

			3 - 4pm		EB3314		ENW: Operations & IT Dev.	Wes Colwell,Faith Killen, Louise 
											Kitchen,Sally Beck, Beth Perlman,
											Mark Pickering, Greg Piper, Kerry
											Roper, Bob Hall (added-EA 												Operations) 

I am sending Louise a separate e-mail message regarding the changes.  

Wes and Faith:  Locations of the meetings for the above dates and time slots remain as they are on your original schedule.  If the number of attendees per the revised listing above warrants a room change, please let us know.  Otherwise, we will assume that the meetings noted above will take place in the locations noted above.  

Call me with any questions.  	--Sally 												

Barry would be good and I do believe that he is an asset.  I will talk with Wes and see what we can suggest. 

With regard to your comment that I am "in", in my conversation with Greg Whalley a couple of weeks ago he said that he does need me to accomplish some things for the estate and that like Mark Haedicke, and perhaps himself, there could be some issues with the Estate and creditors committee if we were to go to Netco immediately.  What I agreed to with Greg is that I will be focused on the Estate and that I would be interested in talking about Netco in 30 to 60 days.  In the meantime, I will participate as much as you would like for me to on the due diligence process around the auction.  I will gladly meet with any and all prospective buyers to make them comfortable with our processes, systems, staff expertise and operational controls.  And you can also count on me if I can play a role in assuring that the staff destined for Netco is in tact and is motivated and excited about the opportunities there.  

Leslie Reeves will be getting the org charts to Tammie this afternoon before she leaves.  Gas logistics is not included in the operations org charts, as our understanding is that logistics is being included in the commerical org charts. 

--Sally

Barry is in Accounting for now, Jim wants him for the estate.  All of that was before you were in.  I had to plan.  I think Barry is an asset - Wes and I don't know where though.  Any thoughts?

Bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow.  I will coordinate with him on org charts.  Where do you want to have Gas Logistics - under Bob in operations or under trading?  Given your answer, we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts.  

Also, I talked with Bob Hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to Netco.  I had an interesting conversation with Barry Pearce this morning, and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way.  --Sally 

Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.

Thanks

The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.

The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-

(i) 	Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)				To be forwarded to Louise	
	These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.  
	The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.	
(ii)	Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)						To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
	First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized)
(iii)	Seating Plans								Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate
	We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.
	I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.
(iv)	Due Diligence
	We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.

I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.

Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.

If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.

Happy New Year

Louise

Was Jim asking questions about the number of employees in ENW who would rem=
ain with the Estate? =20
=20
Summary looks good - our meeting with Mike Deville on 2002 budgets is sched=
uled for tomorrow.  --Sally

A quick summary on where ENW is relative to NetCo and the Estate.
=20
Some quick numbers first (all numbers are exclusive of the pipelines and St=
eve Hotte's group). =20
=20
We will have about 117 employees remaining in the estate on the application=
 side (Perlman) after about 100 go with NetCo.  We will have 121 employees =
remaining with the estate on the infrastructure side (Rub for now) after 60=
 go with NetCo.  We will have 9 on estate EOL IT (that will end up with the=
 estate application group) after 40 go with NetCo.  We will have about 48 f=
rom EA operations (Hall) remaining with the estate after about 170 go with =
the NetCo.  We will have a few EOL operations people after about 40 go with=
 NetCo.  We also have individuals remaining on the operations side for EGM =
and EIM under Kevin Sweeney.  We also have estate employees under Dayao wit=
h EES IT who have gas and power skills as well as EES operations people und=
er Beth Apollo.  These numbers are all fluid and are not final as the NetCo=
 deal and the people associated with it ebb and flow.  Currently, the estim=
ate for ENW employees going to NetCo from all IT, operations and EOL operat=
ions is approximately 410.  Remaining in the estate to support non-pipeline=
 IT and operations is approximately 453.
=20
As we discussed this morning, we are trying to determine if the approximate=
ly 453 remaining ENW employees are the right number of people for the estat=
e (EA, EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, Corp, etc.) for IT and operations as well as if =
they are the right people period.  We have draft org charts for estate infr=
astructure and estate application and are doing a skill set review of the e=
mployees in IT who are slated to stay with the estate but until NetCo is a =
done deal and the estate wholesale unit finalizes business plans, most of t=
he IT estate people will be a pool of resources supporting both efforts.  A=
lso, everyone in ENW knows which list they are on.
=20
Also, we have spent money on additional hardware and a particular Unify lic=
ense now (did it through Bowen and Weil as ordinary course) so that effecti=
ve duplication of all wholesale applications can be completed hopefully by =
the end of January.  Therefore, the plan is to split ENW people out the day=
 a NetCo deal gets done, split ownership of hardware the day a NetCo deal g=
ets signed, agree that NetCo owns all the IP with all the Enron developed a=
pplications and they get a complete copy and the estate has a free license =
back in perpetuity and gets a copy of the same set of applications the day =
a deal gets done. We will get that duplication of all those applications do=
ne by the end of January (target date anyway). We will also begin a 6 month=
 services agreement the day a deal gets signed.  Even though we will do the=
 above, NetCo will still have their hardware and their applications sitting=
 on that hardware initially in estate data centers (34 ECN, 9 ECS and Ardmo=
re) and NetCo will also be on the estate network.  Hopefully NetCo will tra=
nsition off those in that 6 months, hence the need for the services agreeme=
nt.
=20
We also submitted a 2002 cash budget to Corp. based on our estimate of rema=
ining headcount, licenses, etc. but until we see what it is we are supporti=
ng, it is a placeholder.
=20
Your thoughts on this?
=20
Continue to include Sally in all your meetings if possible so she can coord=
inate the right support across your complete wholesale efforts going forwar=
d.
=20
Thanks.

Greg Piper=20
=20

 =20
  _____ =20

Kristin was there - I had to cut it short by a few minutes to meet with Delainey in the other building.,  Kristin stayed for a few more minutes to talk with Jeff and Stacey.  I can give you a more detailed download of all meetings tomorrowl  --Sally 

Attached is a contact list for Operations, giving home and cell numbers for the Head of Operations for EA, EGM, EIM, EES, EBS and EEL.  Also listed are the lead risk and settlements personnel for each business unit.  My numbers are listed as well, so feel to call me this weekend if needed. 

More detailed contact lists for gas risk, power risk and settlements have been sent to Geoff Storey, as requested by Louise and John.  

 
The IT Help desk (x31411) will be running as usual 24 hours a day.   The Help Desk has appropriate contact numbers for DBA's for all operating systems.  If system problems are encountered, please call the Help Desk.  If potential system problems are not resolved promptly, you can also contact Jenny Rub, VP of IT Infrastructure at 713-851-5456 (cell phone),  281-463-4421(home phone) or  877-345-3812 
(pager).  

Sally Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Yes, these functions are covered in the Netco list put together by Bob.   Under the tab labeled "Documentation" in the electronic list sent to me by Amy Fitzpatrick, there are certain employees whose job titles include the phrase "Global Management" - meaning global databases, including counterparty.  Bill Hare is on the Netco list, and is the most knowledgeable person in the company regarding the global counterparty database.  Contract administration for gas and power has been handled by Kim Theriot's group, and Kim has accounted for that activity in her listing of employees for Netco.  --Sally 

The lawyers have come back and ask if you are including any of your global counterparty or contract admin.  Have we covered this function?

Louise Kitchen
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Americas
Tel:  713 853 3488
Fax: 713 646 2308

Bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow.  I will coordinate with him on org charts.  Where do you want to have Gas Logistics - under Bob in operations or under trading?  Given your answer, we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts.  

Also, I talked with Bob Hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to Netco.  I had an interesting conversation with Barry Pearce this morning, and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way.  --Sally 

Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.

Thanks

The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.

The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-

(i) 	Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)				To be forwarded to Louise	
	These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.  
	The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.	
(ii)	Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)						To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
	First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized)
(iii)	Seating Plans								Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate
	We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.
	I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.
(iv)	Due Diligence
	We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.

I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.

Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.

If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.

Happy New Year

Louise

Do we have this new one? 

Brent's cell phone number has changed to  832-755-8734.  

Please schedule a meeting for Thurday afternoon (30 minutes) with Mike DeVille, Kerry Roper, Greg Piper and me to review the operating budgets for 2002, and the impact on the ENW operating budget.  Thanks.  
I will include Kerry in this meeting with Mike.  Do you want to attend as well?  Let  me know, and we will schedule it so that it works for you, too.  --Sally 
Sounds good. The only thing I have scheduled now is a 10:00 - 10:30 on Thursday. Let me know when you want to meet.
mike d

Mike:  Do you have time to get together on Thursday to review the budget data that you have in hand?  Assumptions regarding number of employees within business units and the timing of the sale or shut-down of certain lines of business have a direct impact on the ENW revised budget for 2002.  --Sally 
You should get the latest from Mike Deville.  Hopefully, they are very accurate as we are using them for the DIP lending process.

Rick:  Do you feel that the revised budgets that your team has received are "baked enough" so that it makes sense for us to relook at the ENW budget in light of revised plans for the various business units?  My understanding is that the business plans that Jim Fallon had asked the various wholesale business units to complete by December 21 have not yet been submitted to Jim.  Which would lead me to ask whether or not the revised 2002 budgets that you have are far enough along in the process for us to use in re-evaluating the ENW budget.  
 
Let me know your thoughts on your degree of comfort with the revised budgets and who on your staff we could work with to get the necessary information to rework the ENW budget, if necessary.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 
Yes...they have all been completed.  Pls get with someone in Causey's world to get the details.

ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago.  In our meeting in the Board Room, we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support.  Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted, we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed.  Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW?  

I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process.  

I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays.  --Sally 

Sounds good.  I can be flexible - I will let Christina know to expect a call from your assistant on this.  --Sally 

would probably like to have a discussion between you and I 1st.  I'll set up the discussions that way.

Thanks - Dan

Since you are the lead, I assume that you have an idea from Dave on what he is looking for.  Since Dave referenced ENW, I assume that we will include roles with regard to IT development projects.  Do you think that he also wants to pick up definition of Infrastructure roles as well?  --Sally 

Guys, given our continued need to be crisp and clear on our work product and a clear view to increasing efficiencies, particularily in the back and mid office, I think it would be a good exercise to clearly map out roles and responsibilities between ENW and the EES Services Group in some amount of detail.  Dan will take the lead in this activity.  I would hope that we could have this mapped out fairly quickly without a great deal of internal time.

Thanks for all the hard work.

Regards
Delainey

Causey concurs with postponing Doorstep reviews.  Haven't heard back from Buy, but I will find him in person this afternoon and will get back with you as soon as I do.  I agree - no need to prepare anything at this point while we are waiting for Buy's response.  --Sally 

Don't prepare anything please - Sally is confirming the postponement with Rick and Rick.

Thanks

Fernley

Sally,

As I sure you know Stacey and Kristin are due to be here next week and Stacey has asked me to pull together and send various pieces of information before they arrive.................... Is the review definitely happening next week (re your last paragraph) or do I not need to prepare the information etc because if it is then we need to get started ?

Thanks James

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

FYI

looks like a fix has been put in place.

thanks

bob

All,  A fix to prevent the occurrence of deals not bridging to Sitara from EOL when deal start and end dates were not entered on EOL has been installed and tested.THANKS

Hello Zhiyong,
	I have implemented an enhancement to avoid the problem of restarting the Sitara EOLBridge when there are missing startdate and enddate.  This fix will take care of this morning's problem.

EOL will be sent a Failed status similar to the following:
	message={EolTransactionId=2101638 TransactionSysDealId="" BridgeEntityName="EOLBridge" Message="Missing StartDate or EndDate" Status="F" BridgeDate="20011025170945CDT"}

I throughly tested the change by sending over 400 sample deals from this morning.  Due to the "Bid Week" window, please approve this  bridge enhancement for tonight's migration.  Thank you.

-Dat Truong x63015

The problem we faced today was due to 2 eol deal packets (2098073, 2099764) not having startdate and enddate.  Missing these 2 tibco message fields caused the bridge to bounce and resulted in the queue to build up while the bridge is starting up. (The bridge takes 2 minute for startup).  Each time these deals are sent/resent, it continuously cause the Sitarar EOLBridge to restart, thus magnifying the buildup of the queue.

The corrective action we are taking at our end is to build a rejection logic when eol packets do not have start and/or enddate. 

-Dat Truong 

Thought that my e-mail message to you last week asked for a moratorium on contacting London re: Doorstep Reviews until I circled back with you after conversations with Buy and Causey.  Sounds as if that moratorium either wasn't communicated or wasn't observed.  

Causey left me a voice mail message on Sunday night saying he is okay with postponing all EEL reviews at present.  Still waiting on Buy.  I will find him today.  

Don't prepare anything please - Sally is confirming the postponement with Rick and Rick.

Thanks

Fernley

Sally,

As I sure you know Stacey and Kristin are due to be here next week and Stacey has asked me to pull together and send various pieces of information before they arrive.................... Is the review definitely happening next week (re your last paragraph) or do I not need to prepare the information etc because if it is then we need to get started ?

Thanks James

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

Just heard from Buy - he is in agreement with postponing Doorstep reviews for now.  He has asked me to create a tickler for this in January.  --Sally 

Causey concurs with postponing Doorstep reviews.  Haven't heard back from Buy, but I will find him in person this afternoon and will get back with you as soon as I do.  I agree - no need to prepare anything at this point while we are waiting for Buy's response.  --Sally 

Don't prepare anything please - Sally is confirming the postponement with Rick and Rick.

Thanks

Fernley

Sally,

As I sure you know Stacey and Kristin are due to be here next week and Stacey has asked me to pull together and send various pieces of information before they arrive.................... Is the review definitely happening next week (re your last paragraph) or do I not need to prepare the information etc because if it is then we need to get started ?

Thanks James

In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues.  

In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter.   

Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 

The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.

I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.

Thanks

Fernley

It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.

Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.

James

We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?

Thanks,
Stacey

Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?

Thanks

Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?

James,

Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.

Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.

Stacey

Some interesting thoughts - many do hit home.  Thought that I would pass th=
is along so that we can discuss it when we get together for lunch tomorrow.=
  --Sally=20

Sally, Bob - just a thought about where we currently are and how we help ma=
intain solid leadership for the future. As I looked around the room at your=
 breakfast meeting today it appeared many of the people in important manage=
ment roles were probably at an age where they would like to stay at Enron, =
work hard and hopefully be able to take care of immediate family needs (col=
lege, etc.) and then retire with a enough to enjoy their elder years. Other=
s were probably at an age where career changes are in their plans so it's t=
he quick hits that will make a difference. Maybe the mix was 50/50. Clearly=
 I'm in the former category. Several people at the meeting commented about =
the severe impact the current situation has had on their retirement plans a=
nd how the time left to make this up is a concern. In my relatively short t=
ime here (3 1/4 years) I have made the following observation. Enron has a g=
reat Associate and Analyst program and these employees contribute immediate=
ly to the company. In addition Enron has a very young and mobile workforce =
that provides great flexibility and energy to our efforts. No doubt this ha=
s led to the great success over the years. However at the end of the day th=
e business requires a level of maturity and experience that very effectivel=
y complements this young and very talented workforce. Helps pull things tog=
ether and keep the sanity. In many cases this translates to employees in th=
eir mid to later years of their work life. During the good times no problem=
 as bonus $'s and other vehicles take care of things. However we are possib=
ly in a situation where those are limited or reduced to some extent for som=
e extended period of time. =20

Question: Do we need to do something positive, send a signal, to our middle=
 aged and more senior employees that we understand the importance and value=
 you add to the company and are willing to take a look at our pension/retir=
ement plans. When we come out of this current situation what will the compa=
ny look like? Will most of the younger crowd leave for the "quick hits" els=
ewhere? How do we maintain and protect our more senior employees. How do we=
 keep them here before they take another job that offers them additional se=
curity? Listening to Ken Lay at the employee meeting when asked a question =
about pension I don't believe he really knew what type of retirement progra=
m we have in place. It really is, save all you can in your 401K and then we=
'll give you this cash balance vehicle to subsidize it. I know the cash bal=
ance option is a newer vehicle that many companies are moving to but Enron'=
s is rather weak. Many companies apply a larger percentage than Enron's 5%.=
 Obviously this all has a cost, I know these plans were carefully considere=
d over the years and changing anything at this point is not going to happen=
. In addtition this probably goes against our culture in many respects and =
I'm not saying lets make this a job for life. We still need to manage our w=
orkforce as we have in the past and deal with employees that do not contrib=
ute regardless of age.=20

Just wanted to share some honest thoughts and observations. I get concerned=
 when I look at the makeup of our workforce and think about commitment, loy=
alty and ongoing leadership. I promise this isn't about me although I certa=
inly have my concerns as I know you do also. =20

Thanks for listening - Bob

Yes, this was to be the review with Corp. - Lay, Whalley and Frevert.  I am=
 working with Mark LIndsey on the revised schedule - still don't have one, =
but I will let you know as soon as I know something.  --Sally

which one was this, the one with Corp?

Do we still have one next Monday as ENW?

The ENA Budget Review Meeting that was tenatively scheduled for Thursday, N=
ov. 1 is cancelled.  This meeting will be rescheduled at a later date.

Please print the attached on Enron letterhead and fax to Marilou ASAP at The Tremont House.  Thanks! 

 

I will include Kerry in this meeting with Mike.  Do you want to attend as well?  Let  me know, and we will schedule it so that it works for you, too.  --Sally 
Sounds good. The only thing I have scheduled now is a 10:00 - 10:30 on Thursday. Let me know when you want to meet.
mike d

Mike:  Do you have time to get together on Thursday to review the budget data that you have in hand?  Assumptions regarding number of employees within business units and the timing of the sale or shut-down of certain lines of business have a direct impact on the ENW revised budget for 2002.  --Sally 
You should get the latest from Mike Deville.  Hopefully, they are very accurate as we are using them for the DIP lending process.

Rick:  Do you feel that the revised budgets that your team has received are "baked enough" so that it makes sense for us to relook at the ENW budget in light of revised plans for the various business units?  My understanding is that the business plans that Jim Fallon had asked the various wholesale business units to complete by December 21 have not yet been submitted to Jim.  Which would lead me to ask whether or not the revised 2002 budgets that you have are far enough along in the process for us to use in re-evaluating the ENW budget.  
 
Let me know your thoughts on your degree of comfort with the revised budgets and who on your staff we could work with to get the necessary information to rework the ENW budget, if necessary.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 
Yes...they have all been completed.  Pls get with someone in Causey's world to get the details.

ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago.  In our meeting in the Board Room, we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support.  Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted, we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed.  Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW?  

I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process.  

I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays.  --Sally 

Please print on letterhead and fax to Treemont house to Eugene Vaughan.  Thanks. 

 

I know that your employees appreciate these meetings.  Thanks for staying so focused!  --Sally 

I have had two of the four meetings I mentioned today in staff with the employees in my group.  Feedback has been outstanding.  I think everyone is just starved for information.  JR

Yes, I will be able to attend.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Mark would like to invite you to a dinner, Tuesday, November 6, at 7:00 p.m.  Dinner will be at PF Changs, 4094 Westheimer, 713-627-7220.  Please advise if you are available.

Thank you,
Lisa
x31819

I will call you on this one...Sally 

Sally,

I don't know if you received this the first time, as I received out of office auto reply.  Can you provide me with any assistance?

Vince Strohmeyer
713.853.6701

Sally,

Thanks

Vince Strohmeyer
713.853.6701

No

TD{FONT-SIZE: 10pt; COLOR: black; BACKGROUND-COLOR: white}
[IMAGE]	 	

Now that you have access to the following applications without requiring VPN access...  Outlook Web Access (email and calendar) PEP XMS (Expense Reporting application)  And, COMING SOON... eHROnline (year-end) Benefits Election (Oct. 29, 2001) Electronic Pay Stubs (year-end), and Much More,  through the ClickAtHome Portal and the Internet, do you still believe you need remote access through VPN from home to Enron networks (must have a valid business reason with supervisor approval and a monthly cost)?   YES NO NOT SURE Please answer this survey from your computer at work, not via Outlook Web Access.  	

No

I am finally making it all the way through old e-mails.  I will try to call you and talk through all of this.  I am probably not as familiar as I should be on the procedures that exist.  --Sally 

Sally,

In the event that a manual payment needs to be sent, I need your approval to set up Jenny Latham, my lead in London, and Rebecca Millerchip, settlements lead for EGM for them to sign off.  As we are moving to replicate the EGM payment process in London for EIM, utilizing EGM resources, this should only be a temporary need because EIM's payment templates are not fully set up in SAP yet.

Please let me know if you need any further information.

Thanks,

Kevin

Kevin,

We were going to Mike/Fernley for this since that was per policy.  If we're going to ask for exceptions then it makes sense for me to be set up for manual payments over $1 mil.  Nathalie had mentioned this issue to Becky while she was helping her, and Becky is obviously offering to help.  Let me know if you agree.  Thanks.  Jenny.

Can you add me also Kevin?  Thanks Cindy

Kevin

can you get Sally Beck/Rick Causey to approve the exception to company procedures allowing me to approve manual payments over $1mil for EIM as well as EGM please?

Thanks
Becky

done - see below
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Brent A Price
01/30/2001 07:48 PM
approved - please process
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Richard Causey@ENRON
01/30/2001 09:56 AM
This is fine with me.

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Brent A Price@ECT
01/30/2001 02:21 AM
Rick - Sorry to bother you with this but Treasury is requiring your approval.  London Operations currently has only one person (Cindy Horn) authorized to approve manual payments.  Obviously this can be a problem if Cindy is out of the office.  I would like to gain authorizaiton for Becky Millerchip in London, who manages the Coordination and Settlements groups and reports to Cindy, to approve manual payments.  Can you help us with this?

Thanks, 

Brent
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Rebecca Millerchip
01/22/2001 12:35 PM
Brent

will you take care of getting Rick's approval?

Thanks
Becky
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Peter Russell@ENRON
17/01/2001 19:05
Brent

It is my understanding that any delegation of manual payment approval that falls outside the levels set by Rick Causey need to be approved by Rick.  I realise that we do have limited numbers of staff in London with the required approval level but we need to be sure that we can accept deviations from the policy.

Best regards

Peter Russell
Treasury Manager, London 

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Rebecca Millerchip
17/01/2001 15:12
Ann

Please find attached Brent's authorisation for me to be a backup for Cindy on manual payments over ?1mil.

Many thanks
Becky
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Brent A Price
17/01/2001 13:58
Makes sense to me...please forward to appropriate person with my approval.

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Rebecca Millerchip
01/15/2001 08:10 AM
Brent

following Rick Causey's e-mail re controls over manual payments, I have been asked to get you to approve a list of Accounting Directors in our area who will be required to sign off on all manual payments of more than USD1mil in value.

Cindy Horn is the only Director in our group so naturally she should be the primary signatory.

Since manual payments are only done in extreme circumstances, they are usually very last minute and need to be signed off immediately in order to not miss Treasury deadlines and incur unnecessary late payment charges.  I really feel that it would be in the interest of the company to have more than one authorised signatory for manual payments.

Although I am Manager and not Director, how would you feel about me being a back up for Cindy if she is not around?

Thanks
Becky
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Ann Hicks
14/12/2000 19:19
Becky,

FYI

Ann
As mentioned in my previous memo regarding Cash Control Standards, approval authorizations are critical to our cash control environment.  Corporate Accounts Payable is actively pursuing a "Workflow" system to route invoice images for approval and processing.  This workflow solution will not be implemented until early 2001.  In the interim, an approval process will be implemented by AP and Treasury to ensure invoices have proper approvals and correct general ledger coding.  Effective Monday, November 20 the following approval authorizations will be required for all invoices, payment requests and wire transfer requests that are $1,000,000 or greater:

(A)  Those NOT approved by an underlying contract or RAC require two approvals:  a Managing Director approval of the payment, and an Accounting Director approval of the general ledger coding.  

(B)  Those that ARE approved by an underlying contract or RAC require an Accounting Director approval of the payment  and general ledger coding.

In both examples above, supporting documentation must be attached.  If not attached, then the payment will not be processed.

To assist us with implementing this approval process, I'm requesting each of you to accumulate signatures of the Managing Directors and Accounting Directors in your business unit using the attached form.  Please forward this information to Larry Dallman (JFR568) by Friday, November 10th.

This new process becomes effective Monday, November 20th.  It important to provide this information or payments greater than $1,000,000 will not be processed.

 << File: Approval Authorization Form.xls >> 

What are the plain facts around this Rexam deal?  --Sally 

Beth / Evan 

Making sure we are all on the same page re: the resolution, timing, responsibilities.

thanks - Dan

Dave, Dan and Jeremy:

As you can see from the below "stacked" e-mails we continue to have significant issues in our attempt to bill the Rexam account.  Service Management has had weekly meetings with  Billing on this account and yet this problem still persists.  While I am confident that Ben and Evan are aware of this issue we do not seem to have either the ability or the proper resources to bring it to a sucessful resolution.  

In addition to these issues on Rexam we have had a failure to follow through on a bill payment issue on a Tyco account that has caused us to not pay the utility bill for two months at the headquarters site.  This has been raised to our counterpart's attention at Tyco and though we have taken steps to resolve this event it has provided another data point in Tyco's mind as to our competency.  This is obviously happening at a important time in our negotiations.

Evan has acknowledged his accountability for building the procedures and processes that will allow us to successfully live up to our obligations in our contracts.  

Gayle

Any suggestions.

Craig,

This absolutely shocks me.  We really focused upon making the process
simple during the renegotiations and at last month's meeting we were
lead to believe that you had your hands around this.  For Jack to take this
much time and have so many errors is a totally non-value activity.

It certainly looks like the team from Enron needs more resources.  I'd
expect you to be prepared to explain at the monthly meeting in
Winston-Salem on the 8th what issues remain and specific action items
to resolve this problem in 2001.  We can not accept this as a go forward
process in 2002.  Is this too much to ask?

**********Below is the first e-mail.*************

Becky,

In retrospect, I wanted to comment on a few items from our meeting this
past Monday at your offices. I feel it is necessary to document what I still
perceive to be very poor performance on the invoice and account
management received from Enron. 

While I had low expectations for this particular invoice - especially due to
many of the new rules coming into play for the Second Amendment - we
still spent almost 5 hours reviewing, changing and correcting this
document. When you take into account that 2 of the 3 California plants
did not have electric invoices for us to review - and this is not Enron's
fault but PG&E's - the fact that this review took so long is not a good
sign. Ten of the twenty-one individual plant statements had some type of
error - and half of those were serious errors.

I am looking to see vast improvements in the future. I do not see us
stopping this monthly review process in the near future, and days like
Monday reinforce that thinking.

On another note, we spent close to an hour on the Natural Gas slip-up
with our Olive Branch Plant - which was inexcusable. I credit Enron for
doing the firefighting drill to reestablish nominations in time for the
November cutoff; however, the situation should have never been
allowed to spin out of control in the first place. I had to intercede with the
Energy Management representative to keep the nomination open beyond
noon to accommodate this oversight. I am looking to have Barry or Evan
provide me with an action plant to prevent his in the future.

Unfortunately, this allowed us little time to review open issues. I will
recap those we did review on future e-mails. Sometime today or
tomorrow, I will coordinate a time that we can then "resume our meeting"
via phone.

Regards,
Jack Bender 

Here are contact numbers for Steve:

Work	512-427-3307

Cell	512-431-7739

I will see you tomorrow at 9:30.  --Sally 

The November newsletter looked great!  

This message was sent by Beverly Gibson for the December newsletter.  At Monday's board meeting, Lori Ewalt gave me an article about Senior Presentation for the December newsletter.  She doesn't have an electronic copy.  I will try this weekend to retype it as a word document and e-mail it to you.  Lori also said that she had given Janet Petrak a hard copy of a permission slip to be printed in the December newsletter.  (This is for parents to sign for under 17's to be out after midnight as they return from Senior Presentation).  Do you have that?  If not, you might contact Janet and ask her for that.  --Sally   

For next newsletter if space is  available:
 
When you need to send an  e-mail sub request, please follow this procedure:
E-mail me at bgibson50606@houston.rr.com  with  the pertinent information (date, time, place).  I check my e-mail at  least daily and should be able to forward your message quickly.
If the time frame is short, please  call me at (281) 893-3718 to let me know you have e-mailed the  information.
I do not call you to confirm I have  sent the message.  Your confirmation is the e-mail message you receive  within the larger NCL mailing.
Please remember that you still need  to notify the philanthropy chair of any changes in your signup and that you  are still ultimately responsible for finding your own sub.

Please e-mail me with any e-mail  address changes.  If I get several returned messages regarding your  address, I delete you from my database and you will be missing out on some  helpful information.
 
Thanks,
Beverly Gibson
 
 

853-5926

Big Pig:

Met with them today and gave an overview of Operations.  All went well.   The CFO asked about performance measurements regarding costs per transaction.  I described the Operations Pricing Model that I implemented several years ago.  They were also interested in our ability to handle increased transaction flow, and I mentioned that through the OPM we were able to track the increased operational efficiencies that we experienced with the increase in transaction flow.  The CFO asked to get some information regarding OPM.  I have a summary report that reflects the decrease in cost per transaction plotted against the increase in transaction counts.  This is not currently included in the data room.   Do you want to review this before I pass it along to Andy Zipper to provide to the CFO?  

UBS:

Eddie Pittarelli (Head of Operations for UBS) called today to reconfirm the numbers of operations personnel slated for Newco.  The spreadsheets that you had forwarded to me Louise (through Amy Fitzpatrick on December 19) totaled 172 for Operations, which included 32 for Gas Logistics.  Eddie said that he was going into a meeting tonight where UBS would again discuss their level of interest.  He wanted to know if the Operations staff was still primarily in tact, and I confirmed that is the case.  Told him that the leads on Gas Risk, Gas Logistics, Power Risk, Settlements and Documentation were all here in place.  He said that depending on the outcome of the meeting tonight that he plans to be in Houston within the next few days.  FYI. 

Please join Greg Piper and me for an ENW Management Team meeting at 8:30 am in Conference Room # 4990 on the fourth floor of Enron Center South on Thursday, November 8.  Mark Pickering is travelling and may be able to join us by phone.  Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  Thank you.  

--Sally 

Please print on legal paper and let's discuss.  Thanks. 

 

Exciting news on the house, but I know that you must be busy!  When we moved to Champion Forest, we did the same thing.  Called the real estate agent to list our house on a Monday, got a contract on our house on Tuesday, and put a contract on our new house on Wednesday that week.  You and your husband must be into quick decision making as well!!  

Yes, life at Enron is interesting these days.  Kind of like a soap opera.  Difficult for everyone to stay focused.  We are ready for some good news here. 

With your move, let me know how I can help more with this December newsletter.  It is on my list for the weekend to recreate Lori Ewalt's article as a word attachment and get that to you.   I am glad that you have the permission slip in hand.  --Sally 

Sally - Yes, I have the permission slip for December's newsletter.  Wow!  Is it really time to think about next month's?  We are closing on our house 11/26 (this all happened very quickly - a house in our neighborhood went on the market and we looked at it and bought it, listed ours & have a contract on it, too - in all of 3 weeks!) so things are nuts around here!!  I will be very disciplined and try to have the December newsletter ready so it can go to Sally Walker before Thanksgiving.  We didn't plan this closing date very well, did we?!  Thanks for the kind words, and your speedy transmission of articles!  Robin

Thanks for your help.  --Sally 

 

FYI

thought this was interesting.  I did not complete.

later.

bob

Dear Bob Hall,
We would like to invite you to participate in a paid ($75.00) online survey for the Councils of Advisors.  This survey consists of 12 questions and should take approximately 15 minutes to complete.
 Click Here  to participate or learn more about this survey.  
Here is some more information:

Survey Title: Energy Trading Industry Dynamics
Compensation: $75.00
Number of Questions: 12
Description: This is a survey of North American electricity and natural gas traders to determine how North American trading volumes have been affected by Enron's credit downgrades and potential liquidity problems. Please do not take this survey if you are not a North American energy trader.  This survey is independent and was not commissioned by any company other than the Gerson Lehrman Group. All responses will remain anonymous. This survey will close when the required number of participants have responded. Invitations to future surveys will be based partly on the completeness of your responses.

If the link above isn't active, please enter or copy the following address into your web browser:
https://www.thecouncils.com/surveys/welcome.asp?pid=19752CP335
 
Please reply to this message with any feedback, comments, questions or trouble regarding this email message or the survey it references.  Your acceptance indicates that you agree not to provide information that you have a contractual or legal duty not to divulge.
 
As always, thank you for supporting the Councils of Advisors.

Spoke to Allen - this outage will not take place this weekend and is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of November 17.  The feasibility of that timing will be re-evaluated at the end of next week.  --Sally 

Webb called me and said he thought SAP was being taken down this weekend for maintenance or something?  Can you call Allen Sommer and ask?  Is this a good thing to do at this time considering we might need to use it?
 
Thanks.

Greg Piper 
President & CEO 

Enron Net Works LLC

  _____  

 

FYI - no move to the new building this week.  --Sally 
fyi

Per the email below, and for unknown reasons, please be advised that our Gas Operations move to the new building has been delayed
until next Friday, November 16th.  

No information about the delay of the Power Operations Move has been announced.  I will keep you all informed as I receive any updates. 

Thank you, 
Heather Choate, x33278
Asst. to Bob M. Hall
Energy Operations
Enron Net Works LLC
(713) 853-3278

Please communicate to your groups that the move for tomorrow has been delayed until next week.  At this time I do not know if Power will continue to move on the 16th.  As soon as I know I will let you guys now.

Thanks!

Tammie Schoppe
Enron Americas-Office of the Chair
Assistant to Louise Kitchen
713.853.4220 office 
713.646.8562 fax
713.253.2131 mobile

Thanks so much for your note.  It is certainly nice to know that your thoughts are with me.  I, too, enjoyed visiting with you at our Woodlands session.  I was so sorry to miss the second forum, but I certainly feel that I made the right decision to be here.  When some of this is behind us at Enron, I do hope to get reconnected with the on-going efforts resulting from the CHF.  --Sally   

Sally,
We missed you at the Center for Houston's Future last weekend.  I know you have a lot going on & just wanted you to know I enjoyed visiting with you at the earlier meeting & am thinking of you.
Ann Lents

Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << File: 'http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_EN.asp' >> 

Please print for me.  Highly confidential - cannot be discussed yet.  Thanks. --Sally 

Attached are the latest communication materials.  We DO NOT have a deal yet, but I am sending these so that you have time to review before holding floor/staff meetings in the event we have an announcement later today.  Please do not forward these materials, as they are not yet final.  If there are any changes in these materials when the deal becomes final, I will resend them.  Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you.
Karen
x39757

Attachments:
	-- timeline for communication rollout
	-- key messages, for use with internal and external audiences
	-- talking points for use with employees
	-- email to employees w/ link to Q&As
	-- video script (to be viewed by employees on the intranet: UpFront!) 
	-- External Q&A, for use with the media and external audiences
	-- Internal Q&A, for background use in meetings with employees
	-- Intranet Q&A, posted on the web for employees

        

Hi Sally,
Attached are the query results that Jay ran on open positions. I've run through the Nat Gas portion as a spot-check and the info checks out.

Thanks,
Torrey

Hi Savita,  Here is the spreadsheet.  Can we get Torrey to verify at least one of the data points to be sure it is ok?

--jay

 

Mark received a payment in late November that stated that it would have to be repaid in full if he leaves Enron before the end of February 2002.  How do we handle this?  Has Mark mentioned this repayment?  --Sally  

Hector-
Please note that Mark Leskowitz has given his resignation.  His last day with Enron will be this Friday, January 4, 2002.
Thanks,
Michelle Bruce
xt. 57532

Contact numbers are listed below for Greg Piper and me if needed over the weekend.  Mark Pickering is out of the country, and we are coordinating with him as we complete scenarios on reduced costs.  Our team is continuing to work on this tonight and we will reconvene in the office starting at 8:00 am on Saturday.  We are working in Conference Room 4100 on the 4th floor of ECS (next to my office).  Please let us know when you would like to review the information.   --Sally 

ENRON NET WORKS
Office of the Chair

Name	Assistant #	Office #	Mobile #	Home #	Pager #	
Greg Piper  - CEO	Tina Spiller x3-5746	x3-6635	713-646-4734	713-668-9475	877-552-1564	
Sally Beck -   COO	Christina Valdez x5-9106	x3-5926	713-417-1591	281-370-8568	N/A	
Pickering, Mark - CTO	Lisa Costello x3-1819	x3-7698	713-240-7406	713-973-9130	N/A	

FYI - If you need anything from me or Piper this weekend, thought that these contact numbers would be helpful.  --Sally 

Contact numbers are listed below for Greg Piper and me if needed over the weekend.  Mark Pickering is out of the country, and we are coordinating with him as we complete scenarios on reduced costs.  Our team is continuing to work on this tonight and we will reconvene in the office starting at 8:00 am on Saturday.  We are working in Conference Room 4100 on the 4th floor of ECS (next to my office).  Please let us know when you would like to review the information.   --Sally 

ENRON NET WORKS
Office of the Chair

Name	Assistant #	Office #	Mobile #	Home #	Pager #	
Greg Piper  - CEO	Tina Spiller x3-5746	x3-6635	713-646-4734	713-668-9475	877-552-1564	
Sally Beck -   COO	Christina Valdez x5-9106	x3-5926	713-417-1591	281-370-8568	N/A	
Pickering, Mark - CTO	Lisa Costello x3-1819	x3-7698	713-240-7406	713-973-9130	N/A	

Everyone worked hard and did a good job on Friday night and Saturday.  From IT, Jenny Rub, Steve Stock, Iain Greig, Anthony Dayao and Ramesh Rao were very engaged and did some great work.  Jeff Johnson was kept updated while in route back to Houston and he is in the office today reviewing the work that has been done to date.  Other ENW team members hard at work with us over the weekend have been Bob Hall, Beth Apollo, Kevin Sweeney, Kerry Roper and Marla Barnard.  

Greg P. and I met with Kerry Roper this am to review the summarized version of the work that has been done.  Looks good - and it is unlikely that we will get with Greg Whalley to review the data this weekend.  He's meeting with commercial teams currently, and then will be on a plane for NYC later today.  We will take tomorrow to incorporate any changes that Jeff Johnson may have, and to get the entire weekend team to review and affirm (or change) the data as it is now summarized.   

I will e-mail Greg W. an update on the work that we have done today and will copy you on that message.  Greg P. and I decided not to e-mail the details to him - better to review in person.  He will know that we are ready.  

Quick preview of Monday's intended schedule:

8:00 am		All direct reports of OOC of ENW will meet in Conference Room 4175 in ECS to view together the web-cast of Dynegy conference call

9:00		Following webcast, Greg P., Marla Barnard and I will meet with OOC direct reports to review Q&A and to talk about next steps

9:30		I will meet briefly with weekend team to go over work needed on Monday re: cost saving measures

10:00		The start of a whirlwind series of floor meetings to reach all ENW employees (have the details mapped out - attached is copy of 			spreadsheet)

4:00		Regroup with weekend team to review data revised during the day on cost saving measures

5:00		Greg P. is buying...

Outstanding item on cost savings efforts:  We didn't include or touch the ISC.  Their budget for 2002 is included in Corp., but since responsibility now rests with you, we need to get Allan involved in the same exercise that we worked over the weekend.  Would you like for me to meet with him on Monday to get him started?  Then you can take it from there?  Or would you like to wait and address this with Allan when you are back in the office?  Just let me know. 

Have a good flight back.  Let me know if there is anything that I can do for you tomorrow while you are in route back to Houston.  --Sally 

Thanks - this will be a BIG effort, I know.  --Sally 

FYI...JR

FYI

Yes

I want to move next weekend.  If we can start at 2 PM on Friday it would be fine.

John, 

After your conversation with Paul yesterday, we have evaluated the option of moving all of GAS and POWER next weekend, we will be able to move everyone in a single move, however we will need a firm commitment by midday Tuesday, in order for us to get the workforce, move the broker lines and all the other tasks associated with this scale of move.

If you would like to proceed, please let me or Bill Donovan know as soon as practicable, so we can facilitate the migration. 

If we do not move next weekend, this will cause real problems with the resources and contracts in place, staff and suppliers are on vacation through thanksgiving and the move data will soon be out of date which will need to be reconciled which would increase the cost.

Martin Bucknell

From Dynegy's press release, here are details for Monday 8:00 am:  

Conference Call Simulcast
Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet on Monday, November 12, 2001, at 8:00 a.m. CT, 9:00 a.m. ET.  The webcast can be accessed via dynegy.com (click on "Investor Relations"). The login number is 4365632 and the password is "Dynegy."

Please join Greg Piper and me in Conference Room 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS at 8:00 am on Monday, November 12.  To find this conference room, go through the security badge check point to your right as you arrive on the 4th floor, then make a left at the first hallway and the conference room will be on your right.  

Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet at 8:00 am Central Time.  We will access this webcast via the two large screens in the conference room.  We can watch this together as a group, and at the conclusion of the simulcast we will have a brief meeting to discuss Q&A regarding the merger and our action steps for the day as the management team of Enron Net Works.  

I look forward to seeing you on Monday morning.  

--Sally 

Talked with Jenny - she will take care of beaming the simulcast onto the big screen for us tomorrow morning.  

I looked at the conference room, and it looks the way we left it yesterday - dirty.  Talked with the security guys and they called to check on cleaning crew. Should be here this afternoon at 2:00, so the room should be clean and neat by tomorrow morning.  

Have sent e-mail notice of meeting - included Tony Mends and Allan Sommer since I don't know Paskin's whereabouts and I do know that Mark Pickering won't be here.  Otherwise, Tony and Allan will be out of the loop.  Anyone else who will roll under Paskin that I should include?  

I will also leave voice mail messages on everyone's Enron extension and make calls to home numbers so that everyone will know about the 8:00 am meeting.  

Brent is here - will meet with McConnell at 3:00 on EGM (commercial) cost savings effort.  Not sure that McConnell will meet with Greg W.   Brent will update me after the 3:00 meeting. 

--Sally 

Please join Greg Piper and me in Conference Room 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS at 8:00 am on Monday, November 12.  To find this conference room, go through the security badge check point to your right as you arrive on the 4th floor, then make a left at the first hallway and the conference room will be on your right.  

Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet at 8:00 am Central Time.  We will access this webcast via the two large screens in the conference room.  We can watch this together as a group, and at the conclusion of the simulcast we will have a brief meeting to discuss Q&A regarding the merger and our action steps for the day as the management team of Enron Net Works.  

I look forward to seeing you on Monday morning.  

--Sally 

We are prepared to get with you as soon as you would like after your return from New York to review projected cost savings from ENW.  For each business unit that we support (EA, EGM, EIM, EES, EBS), we have prepared cost savings on expense and capital based on the three scenarios below.  

	Scenario 1:	Enron exits the line of business, with immediate headcount reductions and cost savings quantified;
			skeleton staff remains for orderly exit of business; then final headcount reductions and cost
			savings quantified (Lights Out)

	Scenario 2:	Enron retains and maintains line of business, but does not invest for growth; assumes no further systems 
			enhancements; support is scaled back from current level and is minimal (Lights On - But Dim)

	Scenario 3:	Enron retains line of business and invests modestly to accommodate known market changes; service levels 
			are scaled back from current level and are a step above minimal (Lights On - Brighter) 

Cost savings in all three scenarios have been quantified at the following level of detail by commodity for EGM and EIM:

	EGM:	Freight Markets					EIM:	Forest Products
		FX/IR/Equity						Steel
		Domestic Crude & Products
		International Crude & Products
		Domestic Coal
		International Coal

Cost savings have been identified for ENW's unallocated expense and capital as well.  We have worked with HR to adjust cost savings for anticipated severance costs.  

--Sally 

713-853-5926
sally.beck@enron.com

Cell	713-417-1591
Home	281-370-8568

		
		 

Up to you and Anthony.  We have already done a meeting in 3AC - today at 11:15.  We had not been provided info that Anthony had anyone in 3AC.  We had a meeting this morning during which we reviewed floor meeting plans - I don't think that Anthony was able to attend.  
 
Your options are to bring them over to ECN 14 at 1:30, or to have them attend a meeting at 1:00 in 2 Allen Center, 12 th floor in the Forum (a meeting room on that floor). I will be conducting that floor meeting at 1:00 for ENW employees in 2 Allen Center - it is Allan Sommers' ISC group.  --Sally 
Sally, hello, I am Carol Lapsley, Anthony Dayao's assistant.  I understand Mr. Piper is having a floor meeting at 1:30p today and Anthony's 11th floor employees are invited to attend.  What shall we tell his team (approximately 80 people) who reside in Three Allen Center?  Should they join the rest of us at 1:30p on the 14th floor, or will a separate session be planned for 3AC?
 
Many thanks.

Can you update me today on status, issues and resolution?  We need to get back with Bill Bradford today.  --Sally 
This is totally unacceptable.  Is there any focus on cleaning this up?

Big jump in the number of New Counterparties.  Up by 5,420 new counterparties.

 << File: EES Cpty Stats.xls >> 

Great - I  will look forward to seeing you next week.  --Sally 

Wes thought it was a good idea so I've changed my flight to go home Tuesday afternoon.  I think it will help me to better understand the new expectations.

Don't know what works best with your schedule.  Ernie Pitterelli (head of Operatins for UBS Americas) will be here on Monday and Tuesday and one of the things that we will discuss is the risk roles - position rerporting and calculation of P&L.  Ernie is targeting Tuesday to discuss Canadian operations, so it could be helpful for you to be here.  What was Wes' response?  --Sally 

Sally, I was planning on going home tomorrow but Peggy just informed me that she was coming down on Monday and Tuesday to discuss settlements and risk.  Do you think I should plan on being here for that also?

Mike:  Do you have time to get together on Thursday to review the budget data that you have in hand?  Assumptions regarding number of employees within business units and the timing of the sale or shut-down of certain lines of business have a direct impact on the ENW revised budget for 2002.  --Sally 
You should get the latest from Mike Deville.  Hopefully, they are very accurate as we are using them for the DIP lending process.

Rick:  Do you feel that the revised budgets that your team has received are "baked enough" so that it makes sense for us to relook at the ENW budget in light of revised plans for the various business units?  My understanding is that the business plans that Jim Fallon had asked the various wholesale business units to complete by December 21 have not yet been submitted to Jim.  Which would lead me to ask whether or not the revised 2002 budgets that you have are far enough along in the process for us to use in re-evaluating the ENW budget.  
 
Let me know your thoughts on your degree of comfort with the revised budgets and who on your staff we could work with to get the necessary information to rework the ENW budget, if necessary.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 
Yes...they have all been completed.  Pls get with someone in Causey's world to get the details.

ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago.  In our meeting in the Board Room, we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support.  Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted, we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed.  Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW?  

I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process.  

I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays.  --Sally 

This problem is a result of the lack an automated interface between GCP and RPS and RGS.  My understanding is that Todd Taylor on your team is working on this interface.  What is the expected completion of this interface, and if is later than today, what can be done to deliver this ASAP.  With the large number of Mass Market deals being done, it is imperative to have an automated solution to this problem.  Can you call me today with an update?  Thanks. -Sally 

Can you update me today on status, issues and resolution?  We need to get back with Bill Bradford today.  --Sally 
This is totally unacceptable.  Is there any focus on cleaning this up?

Big jump in the number of New Counterparties.  Up by 5,420 new counterparties.

 << File: EES Cpty Stats.xls >> 

James responded and filled me in on the issue.  Sounds like we need the automated link to solve future problems.  How are we going to clean up the existing backlog?  Did you know that this had grown so large?  James says that this sits in Shelly Stubbs' lap to solve and that he has offered up resources to help. Sounds as if the offer has not been taken by Shelly.  

Bill is obviously out of his crisis mode on counterparty credit issues and has lifted his head to look at other things.  I hate getting these e-mails from him --he always has more info than I do on issues and for some reason his confidence level in operations is not incredibly strong because he always contacts me!  I would love for someone else on the operations team to gain his confidence and I am sure that you would like for him to come to you with issues instead of always contacting me first.  (Don't worry - you are not alone in this -- applies to EA, EGM and EIM as well).  Let's talk about how we can manage this better.  

This problem is a result of the lack an automated interface between GCP and RPS and RGS.  My understanding is that Todd Taylor on your team is working on this interface.  What is the expected completion of this interface, and if is later than today, what can be done to deliver this ASAP.  With the large number of Mass Market deals being done, it is imperative to have an automated solution to this problem.  Can you call me today with an update?  Thanks. -Sally 

Can you update me today on status, issues and resolution?  We need to get back with Bill Bradford today.  --Sally 
This is totally unacceptable.  Is there any focus on cleaning this up?

Big jump in the number of New Counterparties.  Up by 5,420 new counterparties.

 << File: EES Cpty Stats.xls >> 

These counterparties are set up in GCP; however, they have not been set up in RPS and RGS.  

Two things are needed.  First, we need an automated link from GCP to RPS and RGS.  Someone on Anthony Dayao's team is assigned to this, but the project has not been completed.  I have asked Anthony to update me today on how we can get this completed ASAP.  This will solve the problem on a go-forward basis. 

The second need is a clean up effort on this backlog.  I have asked Beth Apollo for an update on her plan, and I will have her review this with you later today.  
--Sally 

This is totally unacceptable.  Is there any focus on cleaning this up?

Big jump in the number of New Counterparties.  Up by 5,420 new counterparties.

 << File: EES Cpty Stats.xls >> 

SInce your name was not on the original list, I am forwarding this to you.  

Molly's comment that "many lack the clear understanding ..." in the third paragraph below - to whom does this apply and do you agree with her?  --Sally 

Bill

This problem is stemming from the volume in Mass Market as you know.  As a result, significantly more new transactions are being booked to "New Counterpart"  than can be cleaned up from historical deals.  As Credit has been emphasizing for some months now, this is not acceptable for this business, is not maintainable (proof in the attached report) and IT resources are required to automate current manual processes.

Global Counterparty is testing their new process to automate the set up of new counterparts in GCP such that the GCP ID may also be returned to EES in conjunction with our credit response prior to booking (expected delivery next Monday0.   However, the risk system batch process specifically for RPS must be enhanced to automatically create the counterpart and accept the GCP ID.  Efforts are finally underway to this end and are expected to be tested within the week.  Then, downstream processing through to billing may benefit.

Many lack the clear understanding that it has taken not only GCP to set up the counterpart in Global Counterpart but also Deal Capture to establish and map the counterpart in RPS and RGS (both have been manual procesess, the latter severly under resourced).  

Once this is implemented, EES has over 20,000 Mass Market transactions executed now, so efforts need to continue to clean up this backlog.  More importantly, three companies have already filed bankruptcy.  We must complete these efforts to manage the portfolio and respond to these events.

Regards
Molly

This is totally unacceptable.  Is there any focus on cleaning this up?

Big jump in the number of New Counterparties.  Up by 5,420 new counterparties.

 << File: EES Cpty Stats.xls >> 

Tom, 

Thanks for the list of questions.  I am always glad when someone takes me up on that type of offer, because I genuinely want the input from others.  I have taken a quick glance at the list of questions and will take the time to read them thoroughly over a sandwich today.  After reading them, I will get back to you on an effective way to answer them, as I may not be able to personnally address all.  --Sally 

Sally-

Yesterday at the floor meeting on the 32nd floor, I asked you a pointed question regarding trust of company management.  I appreciated your effort to confront the frustration that many employees currently have.

However, you also requested other questions.  I have a number of questions, and I have tried to collect a number of questions from those that I have heard around the floor.  In addition, I have a couple of suggestions for what could be done to build badly lacking morale.

I am sorry for the long list, but in reality this is probably just the tip of the iceberg regarding questions and concerns out there.  I hope that you can answer some of these questions, and I hope that you can ask some of these questions to those who might know.

I appreciate your efforts.

Here is the list:

 << File: QUESTIONS.doc >> 

I have sent this to my two supervisors as well.

Have a nice day.

Tom Chapman

As discussed yesterday, we will have a 5:00 pm meeting daily to update you on details regarding the merger.   We will begin this meeting today, Novmeber 13, and will continue this as long as you find it useful.  The meeting will be held each day in ECS 04075 (same conference room that we were in on Monday morning).  

Mark Taylor will join us from Legal this afternoon. He will discuss terms of the merger agreement and will answer questions that you may have.  We will also discuss our ENW plans for a PRC "Lite".   

There is no need to RSVP to this meeting each day.  The meeting will be held daily for all of those who can attend.  

--Sally 

In case you have your blackberry with you while in line with the masses, just learned from Brent Price (via Mike McConnell) that there is a daily meeting led by JIm Fallon with CEO's at 11:00 that reviews cash usage within the businesses and where a list, although not final, is being reviewed relative to lines of business and locations (i.e. Tokyo, Singapore, etc.) that may be exited.  It is key for ENW to anticipate these changes and seems that we could add something to the discussions from time to time.  Did you know about this meeting?  Seems like you should be there.  Can you nose in with Jim?  --Sally 

Carol:

Would you enlarge the attachment so I can print for Sally.

Thanks,

Christina
Sally, attached is our list of contractor reductions.  Some are contract-to-hire.  We cannot realize full savings because we will need to replace some of these contractors with full time employees.  

 << File: Contr redux to AD 1113 rev.xls >> 

Who was this who replied?  

Sally - I am actually based in London!

Sorry!

Kirsten

As discussed yesterday, we will have a 5:00 pm meeting daily to update you on details regarding the merger.   We will begin this meeting today, Novmeber 13, and will continue this as long as you find it useful.  The meeting will be held each day in ECS 04075 (same conference room that we were in on Monday morning).  

Mark Taylor will join us from Legal this afternoon. He will discuss terms of the merger agreement and will answer questions that you may have.  We will also discuss our ENW plans for a PRC "Lite".   

There is no need to RSVP to this meeting each day.  The meeting will be held daily for all of those who can attend.  

--Sally 

Good question.  All cash outflows have an impact, so it is probably best just to emphasize not spending unnecessary dollars.  We have asked our direct reports to carefully consider travel (is it really necessary, and if so, can only 1 person make the trip instead of earlier times when we might have sent two or three persons), off-site meetings (can an Enron conference room work just fine), happy hours (should get approved by Mark, Greg or me ahead of time, and we need to be comfortable with business purpose), outside services and hiring.  I think that you could share this with the assistants.  

It is very important, especially now, to have updated contact information for employees.  All assistants should make sure that cell and home phone numbers are up-to-date.  

Please thank everyone for their focus and dedication during these tough times.  I will let you know if I think of anything else regarding spending.  --Sally 

Just thought of this:  We should have all approvers within the "ibuyit" and "ibuyit-payables" systems look closely at and approve all purchases and payments.  Assistants in the past may have accessed requests on line for their bosses and automatically approved things to keep them going in the system.  We should be actively reviewing and approving or disapproving all expenditures.  

Greg/Sally,

We have a meeting with ENW Assistants on Monday at lunch.  Agenda topics include timesheets (what the different off-duty codes mean, why they should make sure that employees in their depts. do timesheets, etc.) and back-up procedures during absences.  Marla Barnard will be there as well to answer any HR-related questions the assistants may have.

Is there any timely information we can share with regard to spending?

Thanks,

Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070

What are our communications with terminated employees and are there adminis=
trative obstacles impacting them as the note below would indicate?    If th=
ere is a backlog of info regarding employee status, I will be happy to key =
punch to get caught up.   I am trainable and very willing!!!  --Sally=20
Happy New Year all,

I have been with Enron for over 16 years and I have made some very good fri=
ends during my time here and right now I am feeling their pain and panic.  =
I talk to several of my terminated friends (and sister) each week and get u=
pdates from them on what is going on outside of Enron.  I just want to do w=
hatever I can to help them get through these hard times, this is the reason=
 for my weekly reminders to you all who have the power to do something for =
them.

I passed on the phone numbers for Towers Perrin and other numbers that they=
 need to get their money from the Cash Balance Plan or to find out more abo=
ut the COBRA benefits, etc. but there is a major stumbling block in their w=
ay right now.  They keep being told that no one can do anything for them, n=
ot even send them the necessary forms to get the ball rolling on these bene=
fits, because Enron has not changed their status from active to terminated =
(or inactive).  How can it possibly take a month to get this status changed=
?  Please realize that a lot of these people have nothing:  no paycheck com=
ing in, no unemployment checks YET, no retirement, no cash balance money, n=
o medical benefits....they are feeling scared and panicked....PLEASE lets d=
o something to help them.  I have no clue what all it takes to get 4,500+ e=
mployees status changed but surely it cannot take a month to accomplish thi=
s.  Whomever is in charge of getting this done, are we sure they have a sen=
se of urgency about the situation?  People could lose their homes, cars, et=
c. while they are waiting on all this red tape....this is very important.

Please advise.

Sabra Dinari

As discussed during yesterday's 5:00 pm meeting, the ENW direct reports to the Office of the Chair (VP level only) will meet on Thursday afternoon to discuss employee talent.  The meeting will be in Conference Room # 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS from 1:00 to 4:00 pm.  Please respond only if you are unable to attend.  Information to be discussed in this meeting should be submitted to Marla Barnard today.  

Thanks for you time and attention to this.  --Sally  

Yes, fully prepared.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Have a great time on vacation.  Relax and enjoy the family.  Say hello to Jo for me. 

as discussed, i will be unable to attend

i believe you have all my thoughts & people

b

As discussed during yesterday's 5:00 pm meeting, the ENW direct reports to the Office of the Chair (VP level only) will meet on Thursday afternoon to discuss employee talent.  The meeting will be in Conference Room # 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS from 1:00 to 4:00 pm.  Please respond only if you are unable to attend.  Information to be discussed in this meeting should be submitted to Marla Barnard today.  

Thanks for you time and attention to this.  --Sally  

Employees' performance will be evaluated at year end and feedback will be given to employees, but the PRC process itself and all of the many meetings that normally take place will be pared down significantly.  We want to give constructive feedback to employees while making sure that the majority of our time is focused on managing Enron's business.  HR should be sending information out soon to all employees on the details.  

The year-end bonus process is on track at this point, and it is the company's intent to pay bonuses.  It is also the company's intent to follow the process that we go through annually to review compensation levels relative to individual performance and to market data.  That process is slated for February, and at this point I am not aware of any anticipated changes to that.  

I am happy to answer your questions.  Feel free to send me others as the come up.  --Sally  

Good Morning Ms. Beck,

Could you please tell me if we will be receiving reviews, bonuses, or raises?  That question remains unanswered.  Sorry,  I know you have probably received millions of emails in regards to this question.  

Thank you,
Cella 

Attached is list of questions.  How soon could we have answers to these?  I would appreciate any help that you could give me on this.  --Sally 
Sally-

Yesterday at the floor meeting on the 32nd floor, I asked you a pointed question regarding trust of company management.  I appreciated your effort to confront the frustration that many employees currently have.

However, you also requested other questions.  I have a number of questions, and I have tried to collect a number of questions from those that I have heard around the floor.  In addition, I have a couple of suggestions for what could be done to build badly lacking morale.

I am sorry for the long list, but in reality this is probably just the tip of the iceberg regarding questions and concerns out there.  I hope that you can answer some of these questions, and I hope that you can ask some of these questions to those who might know.

I appreciate your efforts.

Here is the list:

 

I have sent this to my two supervisors as well.

Have a nice day.

Tom Chapman

I will be in the office on Tuesday next week (November 21), but hope to take the day off on Wednesday.  The kids will be out of school on Wednesday and we are going to Austin to be with my family for Thanksgiving.  So we hope to be on the road on Wednesday morning to beat some of the traffic.  

With that, sounds as if it would be better for us to get together on Monday, November 26.  

If you want to try and talk before then, a good time to get me is in car during my morning commute.  Number is 713-417-1591, and some range between 7:00 am and 8:30 am might work.  

These are certainly trying times.  You have been in my thoughts, and you have my commitment that it is certainly not out of sight, out of mind.  

--Sally 

Sorry those didn't get to you yesterday.  It was 7:00 pm before I had time to get that together for you, only to discover that all that I had were hard copies.  Our ENW CAO had summarized the data for us into the single page format, and he had never e-mailed me the file.  He was gone for the day, and I tried his cell phone, but didn't get an anwer.  

Let me know how the meeting with Beth and Evan went today.  Lavorato and I have been working on something regarding gas logistics, and a follow up meeting was called on that this morning at 10:30.  The outcome of the meeting required a visit with David Oxley, so I could tell that making a meeting with you at 11:00 probably wasn't going to happen.  

How are your 5:00 pm meetings?  

I will catch up tomorrow.  --Sally 

Hope that you made it to the soccer play-off game tonight!!

It's 11:55 am on Sunday - have tried your cell phone, but did not get an answer.  Left you a message that Beth, Jeff, and Brent are all here and working on their respective pieces.  We will convene as a group about 12:30 here in my office.  If you can join us at 1:00, we can give you an update.  --Sally 

Hi Sally,
 
FYI, I'm going to have a window of about 1 'till 4 on Sunday afternoon that I can make it into the office. I'll have my cell with me at all times.
 
Regards
MRP

Great work again from your team!  Thanks.  --Sally 

FYI.  JR

JR

I am happy to say everything is going well, we are on track, all pc's in place and powered, fault resolution in progress.

We had a small issue with the power 24hr phones, all inbound calls were intercepted at portland on the rollover group, the issue was rectified and all is working as designed

I will keep you updated as we progress
Martin Bucknell

From our work weekend before last, our third scenario (staying in the business, but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels), our estimated savings for Operations and IT Development were:

	Annualized Savings (in millions)  & Headcount Reductions (Enron Employees)

Direct Costs			Bonus		Subtotal 			Net 		Cap		Total 
Ops		IT		Accural		Savings		Severance	Savings		Ex		Savings

5.4		12.8		1.5		19.7		3.8		15.9		11.8		27.7	Dollar Savings

65		71		-		136									FTE Reduction

This work was not done at the level of identifying individuals, but rather positions.  identify indiOur work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals' names.  We have already identified our lower performers across Operations and IT as well.  We had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting EIM and EGM who could potentially support EA and EES in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units.  

The above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from Jenny Rub, which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued (i.e. server savings).  The estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the EOL charges for EA that may result from cost reductions that Greg Piper is having with Brad Richter.  

Your desire to cut costs for EA but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible.  We will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you.  

--Sally 

Are we having some fun now?  Thought about you today - in fact, ran across a business card of yours that I had in a file from Phibro Energy.  

I know that I have missed your insight and opinions into Enron's roller-coaster.  Is this ride better with eyes open or closed?  --Sally   

Sorry - I read the first e-mail before seeing this one.  Thanks for not asking me where my head was when we talked!! --Sally 

The Post Petition Meeting which took place every Tuesday and Thursday at 9:00 am is being cancelled.  We are currently organizing an Enron Wholesale Meeting and will communicate once finalized.  Issues that were addressed at the post petition meeting will be handled at either the Management Committee Meeting or the new Wholesale Meeting.

Thank you.

===================================
Lucy Marshall
Executive Assistant to Jim Fallon
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services
Office 713-853-4525
Fax    713-345-7864
Cell    713-417-7802
lucy.marshall@enron.com

Tough times - and lots of work.  I know that you must be swamped, and that you had already been immersed in what was believed to be a tough budget process.  I am sure it is even tougher now!

Got a call from Melissa Becker today regarding retention.  On Rick's behalf, she was asking about London operations.  I assume that you have covered that.  Her specific question related to Mike.  I told her that you and I hadn't talked, and that my assumption was that you had this one covered.  Accurate?  

Take care. 

-Sally 

Our current plan on EA Operations would be to eliminate any planned headcount addtions and to reduce the current staff levels by 10%.  I will get with you on Tuesday morning to review the names, but I feel confident that few if any would be recognized by your commerical guys, as we only engage our best in interfacing with the traders.  Our current estimate on cost reductions for EA Operations is less than the $5.4MM estimated 2 weeks ago.  

Beth Perlman and team are continuing to work tonight and will have details available tomorrow.   We are in agreement, as Bob Hall has worked with Beth's team to eliminate 4 main projects on the production support systems (MKM Enhancements, Unify Production Tuning, Decaf Strategic Rewrite, and one other that escapes me at the moment).  Beth and her team are also working on the cost savings that will result from potentially halting or slowing down other commercially-driven IT projects.  The headcount impact and dollar savings from these project eliminations are what Beth's team is focused on tonight.  

--Sally 

Pretty huge cuts,   I agree on cutting costs, its more about redefining and you may want to realign your business (as you said bring in some people from other areas).  This is probably all the detail I'll require.  Let me have your final numbers when you can.  Obviously if there are any senior position changes I think the gas and power guys would have a view as they do know who they like or not.

We do want to run the business as is, I think the big difference is new IT projects, we should still look at them but ones on a short time scale.  On Operations I think we just know that any growth planning we had envisaged is no longer required - we need to just get back to where we were.  

Thanks

Louise

From our work weekend before last, our third scenario (staying in the business, but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels), our estimated savings for Operations and IT Development were:

	Annualized Savings (in millions)  & Headcount Reductions (Enron Employees)

Direct Costs			Bonus		Subtotal 			Net 		Cap		Total 
Ops		IT		Accural		Savings		Severance	Savings		Ex		Savings

5.4		12.8		1.5		19.7		3.8		15.9		11.8		27.7	Dollar Savings

65		71		-		136									FTE Reduction

This work was not done at the level of identifying individuals, but rather positions.  identify indiOur work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals' names.  We have already identified our lower performers across Operations and IT as well.  We had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting EIM and EGM who could potentially support EA and EES in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units.  

The above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from Jenny Rub, which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued (i.e. server savings).  The estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the EOL charges for EA that may result from cost reductions that Greg Piper is having with Brad Richter.  

Your desire to cut costs for EA but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible.  We will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you.  

--Sally 

FYI...
Our current plan on EA Operations would be to eliminate any planned headcount addtions and to reduce the current staff levels by 10%.  I will get with you on Tuesday morning to review the names, but I feel confident that few if any would be recognized by your commerical guys, as we only engage our best in interfacing with the traders.  Our current estimate on cost reductions for EA Operations is less than the $5.4MM estimated 2 weeks ago.  

Beth Perlman and team are continuing to work tonight and will have details available tomorrow.   We are in agreement, as Bob Hall has worked with Beth's team to eliminate 4 main projects on the production support systems (MKM Enhancements, Unify Production Tuning, Decaf Strategic Rewrite, and one other that escapes me at the moment).  Beth and her team are also working on the cost savings that will result from potentially halting or slowing down other commercially-driven IT projects.  The headcount impact and dollar savings from these project eliminations are what Beth's team is focused on tonight.  

--Sally 

Pretty huge cuts,   I agree on cutting costs, its more about redefining and you may want to realign your business (as you said bring in some people from other areas).  This is probably all the detail I'll require.  Let me have your final numbers when you can.  Obviously if there are any senior position changes I think the gas and power guys would have a view as they do know who they like or not.

We do want to run the business as is, I think the big difference is new IT projects, we should still look at them but ones on a short time scale.  On Operations I think we just know that any growth planning we had envisaged is no longer required - we need to just get back to where we were.  

Thanks

Louise

From our work weekend before last, our third scenario (staying in the business, but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels), our estimated savings for Operations and IT Development were:

	Annualized Savings (in millions)  & Headcount Reductions (Enron Employees)

Direct Costs			Bonus		Subtotal 			Net 		Cap		Total 
Ops		IT		Accural		Savings		Severance	Savings		Ex		Savings

5.4		12.8		1.5		19.7		3.8		15.9		11.8		27.7	Dollar Savings

65		71		-		136									FTE Reduction

This work was not done at the level of identifying individuals, but rather positions.  identify indiOur work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals' names.  We have already identified our lower performers across Operations and IT as well.  We had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting EIM and EGM who could potentially support EA and EES in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units.  

The above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from Jenny Rub, which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued (i.e. server savings).  The estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the EOL charges for EA that may result from cost reductions that Greg Piper is having with Brad Richter.  

Your desire to cut costs for EA but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible.  We will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you.  

--Sally 

Yes.

Everything OK here now?

GP

Our current plan on EA Operations would be to eliminate any planned headcount addtions and to reduce the current staff levels by 10%.  I will get with you on Tuesday morning to review the names, but I feel confident that few if any would be recognized by your commerical guys, as we only engage our best in interfacing with the traders.  Our current estimate on cost reductions for EA Operations is less than the $5.4MM estimated 2 weeks ago.  

Beth Perlman and team are continuing to work tonight and will have details available tomorrow.   We are in agreement, as Bob Hall has worked with Beth's team to eliminate 4 main projects on the production support systems (MKM Enhancements, Unify Production Tuning, Decaf Strategic Rewrite, and one other that escapes me at the moment).  Beth and her team are also working on the cost savings that will result from potentially halting or slowing down other commercially-driven IT projects.  The headcount impact and dollar savings from these project eliminations are what Beth's team is focused on tonight.  

--Sally 

Pretty huge cuts,   I agree on cutting costs, its more about redefining and you may want to realign your business (as you said bring in some people from other areas).  This is probably all the detail I'll require.  Let me have your final numbers when you can.  Obviously if there are any senior position changes I think the gas and power guys would have a view as they do know who they like or not.

We do want to run the business as is, I think the big difference is new IT projects, we should still look at them but ones on a short time scale.  On Operations I think we just know that any growth planning we had envisaged is no longer required - we need to just get back to where we were.  

Thanks

Louise

From our work weekend before last, our third scenario (staying in the business, but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels), our estimated savings for Operations and IT Development were:

	Annualized Savings (in millions)  & Headcount Reductions (Enron Employees)

Direct Costs			Bonus		Subtotal 			Net 		Cap		Total 
Ops		IT		Accural		Savings		Severance	Savings		Ex		Savings

5.4		12.8		1.5		19.7		3.8		15.9		11.8		27.7	Dollar Savings

65		71		-		136									FTE Reduction

This work was not done at the level of identifying individuals, but rather positions.  identify indiOur work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals' names.  We have already identified our lower performers across Operations and IT as well.  We had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting EIM and EGM who could potentially support EA and EES in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units.  

The above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from Jenny Rub, which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued (i.e. server savings).  The estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the EOL charges for EA that may result from cost reductions that Greg Piper is having with Brad Richter.  

Your desire to cut costs for EA but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible.  We will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you.  

--Sally 

FYI - response after my call to Brian.  Agreement refers to employees of Enron Americas or its subsidiaries, and those employees involved in natural gas specifically.  Enron Networks is not named, but is definitely an oversight because so much of the support for gas comes from Enron Networks.  Close date on the sale was May 31, 2001 - 12 month non-solicit period starts from that point.  --Sally 

Sally - I asked Anne Koehler to give you a call - I think the non-solicit period is for one year.  The tricky bit is that we can't prevent our employees approaching AEP for  job ( or responding to AEP advertisements for a job).

Brian

Thanks - Anne did call me this morning with the details.  --Sally 

Sally - I asked Anne Koehler to give you a call - I think the non-solicit period is for one year.  The tricky bit is that we can't prevent our employees approaching AEP for  job ( or responding to AEP advertisements for a job).

Brian

I think that your Phibro card is from our original meeting in New York, a lifetime or two ago!!  

Sounds as if your rollercoaster experience with Teddy was perhaps a preview of the subsequent weeks at Enron.  Thank goodness for those little guys to go home to every night.  

My little guys aren't so little any more.  Meagan is a senior this year - had all of her college applications submitted by November 1, and feels pretty good just knowing that her part is done.  She has gotten one acceptance - University of Oklahoma.  She also applied to UT, SMU and TCU and is waiting to hear from them.  She may hear from SMU and TCU before Christmas - UT probably after the first of the year.  (By the way, David and I are strongly talking up the state school thing, given the current Enron share price, or diminished portion thereof.)  This senior year is going by all too quickly, especially since the last month or so I seem to be hearing about it second-hand having spent way too many hours in the Enron Building.

And mentioning the building, I moved to Enron Center South (the new building) in mid September.  I'm on the 4th floor - one of the trading floors.  Kinneman is on this floor, too.  Kind of a cool building, but weird because it is not really finished.  Our floor is fine, but you have to walk through a maze of temporary walls on the second floor to get to the elevator - and some elevators are "panelled" with rough plywood inside.   The sky ring thing is cool, too, but half of the circle is closed on a daily basis as they continue to finish out the space.  We walk under open ceilings with wires hanging down.  Not exactly sure how we were able to swing an occupancy certificate, but we are here!  

Do let me know if you are going to be in Houston anytime soon.  I would love to get together with you.  Between 9/11 and our current cash constraints,  my previously planned November London visit is not happening!  

Enjoy your Thanksgiving in London.  --Sally 

Sally,
I  have been thinking of you and the first time we met at a conference in New York.  Much more innocent times. 

 To answer your question, I went to Euro Disney in october and I am scared of rollercoasters.  However, Teddy being 8 years old, I had to go on them.  I found Space Mountain (roller coaster in the dark) much easier to handle than a similar one where I actually could see the danger that I was putting myself in.
 
While it must be difficult for your people, they could do a lot worse than have you in charge.  Good luck with this situation.  I hope to speak to you soon.
Best to David and family.
Ted

Are we having some fun now?  Thought about you today - in fact, ran across a business card of yours that I had in a file from Phibro Energy.  

I know that I have missed your insight and opinions into Enron's roller-coaster.  Is this ride better with eyes open or closed?  --Sally   

Have updated spreadsheet for known data tonight.  

THESE THINGS NEED TO BE REVIEWED AND POSSIBLY CHANGED: 

Had Perlman's total numbers from today, which she did no subdivide into EA, EIM and EGM numbers.  Made assumption that numbers from Sunday's spreadsheet for Beth's EGM and EIM totals stood, and backed into EA numbers by simply taking her total minus Sunday's EGM and EIM numbers.  You will want to gut check this with Beth. 

Had Jenny's current total headcount (546) and her reductions to contractors and FTE's.  Didn't have detail on her contractor versus FTE numbers after reductions.  Just assumed 100 contractors, remaining FTE's.  You will need to get that detail from Jenny to correctly reflect her Revised Headcount.  

There was a bust in numbers that I had for Commodity Logic Development.  Gros gave me the starting number of 46 (contractors and FTE's - but without current breakdown).  His reductions were 6 contractors and 8 FTE's, which should have left a revised total headcount of 32.  But I wrote down a revised total headcount of 24 for this group.  Off by 8, so I increased the number of contractor cuts to 14 to make the math work.  Please go over details with Tom and make corrections as needed.  

Didn't have confirmed starting total headcount for ISC.  Spreadsheet with his FTE names gives a count of 129, so I assumed that he has 50 contractors to come up to the spreadsheet starting number of 179.   Allan only reduced by 3 FTE's and if he plans to reduce contractors I did not have that info.  So all other numbers for the ISC are simply forced.  Please review with Allan and make corrections as needed.  

 
Have a nice Thanksgiving with your families.  You can reach my by cell phone tommorrow (mine: 713-417-1591 or David's:  713-299-1436) or at my parents' home starting about mid-afternoon (512-458-5510).  We will drive back from Austin sometime on Friday.  Could come in on Saturday or Sunday, as needed.  --Sally 

Thanks for your nice note.  Did you get the job?  I certainly hope so.  

I appreciate your thoughts and prayers - both are very much needed!  We are all still somewhat in a state of shock over the state of the company.  I find myself working lots of hours on things that several months ago we wouldn't have thought about.  Life is always interesting - it may take a while to see where this twist is leading us, but I do know that it will be interesting!  

--Sally 

I wanted to thank you for the referral,it was nice of you to take the time.  Ireally appreciate it.
Ialso wanted to let you know that you are in my thoughts and prayers.  Iam so sorry things have gone the way they have.  I will be thinking of you and praying all week ,and the week after!
Please let meknow if there is anything at all that I can do.  Lord knows you've all taken care of me!
Iwish you nothing but the best!
 
LynnTippery
281 807-5966
 
mslegal searchltippery@mslegalsearch.com << File: mailto:ltippery@mslegalsearch.com >> 
713 807-8500
 
 
 

Thanks for the note.  I wish you well as you continue to build your business outside Enron.  Unfortunate circumstances here have caused us to make some tough business decisions that impact contractors such as yourself.  I appreciate your hard work over the last several years and the contributions that you made in helping to manage various businesses within Enron.   

I am saving your e-mail address and phone number.  There may be an occasion for us to work together again. 

Best wishes for you and your family.  -Sally 

Sally:

It has been a pleasure knowing you and working with you for so long! Thanks for all the confidence you have shown in me all the time. And thanks for the opportunity you have given me to assist your group in several occasions. Thanks for everything! You can always contact me at joseph@bitsofcode.com or at 713-398-0262. Please stay in touch! 

Best Regards,
Joseph Koothrappally
http://www.bitsofcode.com

FYI...

The Post Petition Meeting which took place every Tuesday and Thursday at 9:00 am is being cancelled.  We are currently organizing an Enron Wholesale Meeting and will communicate once finalized.  Issues that were addressed at the post petition meeting will be handled at either the Management Committee Meeting or the new Wholesale Meeting.

Thank you.

===================================
Lucy Marshall
Executive Assistant to Jim Fallon
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services
Office 713-853-4525
Fax    713-345-7864
Cell    713-417-7802
lucy.marshall@enron.com

Can you hold on this until after mid-week this week?  We haven't gotten much communication from "above" on spending, but everyone is doing the obvious things to be prudent right now.  I can tell you that even over this Thanksgiving weekend (with banks open on Friday), that there is still tremendous concern and focus on cash.  (I got calls at home on Friday afternoon to provide data on EA, EGM and EIM payables - data deemed critical that day).  I know that company-wide, we will want to be certain that the cancellation of the company-wide holiday party does not result in just as much money being spent by hundreds of groups across the company.  

If  waiting until after mid-week makes the timing diffcult for planning purposes, I might suggest a less costly version.  One idea is to tell your directs that you want to bring them together as a group to thank them for their hard work and offer your home for the occassion on the 7th.  You could submit for expense reimbursement the cost of something like wine and beer, and ask everyone to bring a snack to contribute to the party.  I think that everyone would understand not having the entire event underwritten by Enron - especially following the events that will occur  this week.  Over the years we have all gotten used to Enron footing the bill for so many things.  At the bank where I was before, we occassionally had get-togethers where we all brought something to the party.  It is not really unusual outside Enron.  --Sally   

I have been sort of waiting to talk to you about having a small event for my direct reports to thank them for their efforts until things cooled down at the company overall, but -- I don't see that happening any time soon.

We have not really done anything at all this year, and I wanted to do an event similar to the one you had last summer for us.  They have worked so hard and we can't ever all get away from the office at the same time  -- even to have a lunch.

Was thinking about having them over to my house for drinks and then out to eat at a restraunt.  For my direct reports and spouses.  Will include both Global Services and EES.  Was thinking of Friday night after work Dec 7th.  Need to get planning if I get the go ahead.

I have a reasonably priced italian restraunt in mind, and it would be about 20 people.   Are you ok with that? And if so, would you and David want to come too?

Let me know your thoughts

Beth

Let's get together tomorrow.  My calendar is pretty open.  

Understand your request, and you have my assurance that I will be very up-front with you.  No breaking news to share with you, however.  

Would love to get your input on the organization going forward, if you have time tomorrow. 

Yes, kind of of bleak.  --Sally  

Hey,

I tried not to bother you today. Spent today working on the EBS Q4 & 2002 Action Plan and the Cash Flow Forecast and generally catching up. I spoke with DiMichele & Racicot and also and got a general update. I guess things look pretty bleak.

Just one point - being that I'm 5,000 miles from home (UK) with family & kids in school - I'd obviously appreciate as much notice as possible on any implications for myself - I know that may be tough, given the pace of change around here - but bear it in mind if you can.

I would be happy to sit down and discuss any plans you may (or may not have) for me. I'm a big boy - and I realise how serious this situation is.

Thanks.

Barry.

Since this is my work e-mail address, I enjoyed a much overdue break from Enron Wednesday through Sunday, so I did not read your e-mail message until today.  I tried to open the attachment - our network operations require that the file be saved first before opening.  Did that, and what comes up looks like it is in tongues!!!  Unfortunately, I can't read anything, but hopefully Nancy was able to review it.  

I realized today that the article that Lori Ewalt gave me in hard copy at the board meeting is still in my NCL folder.  I meant to retype and get this to you in a word attachment, but frankly the hours at Enron have been horrific.  I worked the weekends of November 10 and 17 (Sat and Sun), and have had very long hours during the week - latest one on record to date was 1:00 AM last Tuesday.  Unless Lori got that article to you in another way, we are missing that from the newsletter!  

I will call you and if indeed Lori's article is not in there (not the permission form, but another article), I will contact Sally and I will simply make copies of the article to be inserted in the newsletter prior to mailing.  Sorry about this!!  

Sounds as if you had a busy Thanksgiving on top of a move as well.  Hope that you are enjoying the new place.  Too bad about the Sooners on Saturday.  David had thought about driving to Dallas next weekend for the Big 12 Championship game, but obviously won't be doing that now!  --Sally 

Dear Nancy, Sally & Janet -

Did you have a wonderful Thanksgiving?  Ours was very nice; Mark's sister,
her husband and 2-year old daughter were here from California, and Mark's mom
& her husband came in from D.C. (but they stayed in a hotel!).  Luckily, our
aunt had the big dinner at her house - no trying to cook among the boxes!

Have you had an opportunity to review the December newsletter?  If so, please
let me know of any corrections or changes (Miranda gave me the corrected
minutes).  My plan is to drop it off to Sally Walker for copying first thing
Monday morning.  It will be crazy around here after noon Monday, and the
computer will be off for a few days (Monday night 'til Wednesday night or
Thursday) while we get set up in the new house . . .if the download didn't
work and you need a copy to proof, just let me know and I'll swing by with
one in the morning (our closing is not far from you, Nancy, so it won't be a
problem).

Thanks!  Robin

Louise:  Who in HR is providing you with a list and what is the purpose of the list?  We can verify that they are still with the company and that they are still getting paid, but knowing the source of the list you refer to from HR and the purpose of the list will allow us to get to the heart of the communication problem.  --Sally 

HR gave the list to me - I hope they are still getting paid

Hector and Leslie

 

Larry Joe Hunter, Larry Cash, and Jon Lewis are all still with Enron.

Will you please find out why Louise thinks they are gone.

Thanks

 

bob

 

The following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the Netco list.  Please let Kari know on any changes (Jeanie is out).  I assume there are no problems but if so let me know.

Larry Hunter    - Documentation 
Deidre McCaffrey - Gas Origination 
Larry Cash - Gas Settlements 
Jon Lewis - Risk 

Rick:  Do you feel that the revised budgets that your team has received are "baked enough" so that it makes sense for us to relook at the ENW budget in light of revised plans for the various business units?  My understanding is that the business plans that Jim Fallon had asked the various wholesale business units to complete by December 21 have not yet been submitted to Jim.  Which would lead me to ask whether or not the revised 2002 budgets that you have are far enough along in the process for us to use in re-evaluating the ENW budget.  
 
Let me know your thoughts on your degree of comfort with the revised budgets and who on your staff we could work with to get the necessary information to rework the ENW budget, if necessary.  Thanks.  --Sally 
 
Yes...they have all been completed.  Pls get with someone in Causey's world to get the details.

ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago.  In our meeting in the Board Room, we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support.  Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted, we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed.  Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW?  

I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process.  

I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays.  --Sally 

Do you have a few minutes to get with me this week?  You seem to be the "in charge" person for the Estate.  I wanted to visit with you about the needs that you see for the Estate and the role that I might play.  I am focused currently on aiding in the due diligence work around the formation of Netco (from an operations perspective), although I am not on the list to go with Netco.  I am also working with Jim Fallon on supporting the business plans for the remaining wholesale  businesses within Enron.  Greg PIper and I also still share the OOC responsibilities for Enron Net Works as well. 

I am committed to Enron, but would appreciate a frank discussion about the timeline you see for me at Enron.  I need to have a job, and want to be appropriately prepared if the timeframe for me at Enron is limited.  Thanks.  --Sally 

There are 3 excellent players whom I would draft onto any team that have not been picked up on the Netco list.  

Two of the three are Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - details below in my e-mail to Louise.  

Another excellent player is Shona Wilson.  She currently leads the group that produces the DPR and the MPR.  She had excellent experience with PWC before joining Enron, auditing trading companies in Europe.  I have some thoughts on the value that she could bring in working with a new owner of the business.  She could be instrumental in blending our risk reporting process with another entity.  

I am not sure about the extent of your involvement with the creation of Netco.  If you do anticipate being involved, I would like to talk with you about these individuals and the roles that they could play in creating the best team for Netco.  --Sally 

The list of proposed Netco employees that Amy Fitzpatrick provided to me at your request included tabs for Weather and Crude.  Do you contemplate that Netco would trade those commodities/products?  Bob Hall's team that he has assembled for Netco does not include anyone with either Weather or Crude operations experience.  

We retained two top-notch operations individuals - Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - who at this time are not on the list for Netco.  Both have extensive risk management experience and both have also managed all aspects of trading operations - documentation, risk books and settlements.  Todd and Kevin each are good managers and they are working managers who know how to execute the details.

Todd has most recently been in charge of all aspects of operations for Weather.  Prior to has role in EGM, Todd created the MPR and supported all daily activities around valuing the assets in that portfolio.  He also has had extensive experience in gas risk management.   

Sweeney's most recent assignment has been to manage operations for EIM.  The bulk of his Enron experience has been in crude and crude products.  He was part of the original team that opened the Singapore trading office and has experience in the UK as well.  

If you anticipate dealing in commodities outside gas and power, Todd and Kevin would both be great players to have on the Netco team.  

Let's discuss.  --Sally 

The list of proposed Netco employees that Amy Fitzpatrick provided to me at your request included tabs for Weather and Crude.  Do you contemplate that Netco would trade those commodities/products?  Bob Hall's team that he has assembled for Netco does not include anyone with either Weather or Crude operations experience.  

We retained two top-notch operations individuals - Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - who at this time are not on the list for Netco.  Both have extensive risk management experience and both have also managed all aspects of trading operations - documentation, risk books and settlements.  Todd and Kevin each are good managers and they are working managers who know how to execute the details.

Todd has most recently been in charge of all aspects of operations for Weather.  Prior to has role in EGM, Todd created the MPR and supported all daily activities around valuing the assets in that portfolio.  He also has had extensive experience in gas risk management.   

Sweeney's most recent assignment has been to manage operations for EIM.  The bulk of his Enron experience has been in crude and crude products.  He was part of the original team that opened the Singapore trading office and has experience in the UK as well.  

If you anticipate dealing in commodities outside gas and power, Todd and Kevin would both be great players to have on the Netco team.  

Let's discuss.  --Sally 

ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago.  In our meeting in the Board Room, we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support.  Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted, we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed.  Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW?  

I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process.  

I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays.  --Sally 

Today was parent/teacher conference day at Tyler's preschool and I had signed up for the 9:00 am slot.  Sorry that I couldn't make the meeting.  I had asked Bob Hall to attend in my place - I know that he also had an 8:30 am meeting related to retention, so I don't know whether or not he made it to your meeting.  

What is your calendar like for drinks next week?  --Sally 

There will not be an EGM Organizational Post Petition meeting today -- it has been cancelled because Gary is traveling.  Instead the meeting will be held on Friday, January 25 at 9:00 am CST in conference room ECN 30C1.  Please plan to attend or use the dial-in number shown below:

	Domestic Callers 
	Dial 1-877-987-1409  Operator will assist with the call 
	Leaders Name:  Gary Hickerson
	Pass Code:  Gary

	International Participants
	Dial 001-610-769-3343	Operator will assist with the call
	Leaders Name:  Gary Hickerson
	Pass Code:  Gary

LONDON EMPLOYEES ONLY:  Please meet in conference room SE1002 (tele# 011-44-207-783-0113) and dial into the meeting using the number above.  If you have any questions, please call Kathy Tibbs in London on ext. 5479.

Thank you.

Judy Zoch
Enron Global Markets LLC
Financial Trading
1400 Smith
Houston, TX  77002
(713) 853-0655
email:  judy.zoch@enron.com

Pretty cute - makes me want to open a roll of cookie dough when I get home today!! 

Happy New Year! --Sally

 Obituary

The Pillsbury Dough boy died yesterday of a yeast infection and
complications
from repeated pokes in the belly.  He was only 71. Dough boy was buried in a
lightly greased coffin.  Dozens of celebrities turned out to pay their
respects, including Mrs.Butterworth, Hungry Jack, the California Raisins,
Betty Crocker, the Hostess Twinkies and Captain Crunch.

The grave site was piled high with flours, as longtime friend Aunt Jemima
delivered the eulogy, describing Dough boy as a man who never knew how much
he was kneaded.  Dough boy rose quickly in show business but his later life
was filled with turnovers.  He was not considered a very smart cookie,
wasting much of his dough on half-baked schemes.  Despite being a little
flaky at times, he even still, as a crusty old man, was considered a roll
model for millions.  Toward the end it was thought that he would rise again,
but alas, he was no tart.

Dough boy is survived by his wife, Play Dough, two children, John Dough and
Jane Dough, plus they had one in the oven.  He is also survived by his
elderly father, Pop Tart.
 The funeral was held at 3:50 for about twenty minutes.

More info related to first e-mail...

fyi..

	jim,

	the records group was assisting carolyn gilley and her contractor with this project.  answering questions/retrieving 	boxes/research/etc.  we do not know where her contractor left off with the project, but would be more than happy to 	provide a group to complete the project for AEP.  the enron records department handles information for all enron 	companies.  this would eliminate the learning curve if a new group were brought in.   i had asked mark thorne about 	the status of this project when i learned carolyn and her contractor had left.

	please let me know who i need to talk to regarding completion of this project.

	shirley birch, records management
	X5-6716 

This definitley does not sound like HPL.  I will ask around and see if anyone knows anything.  

However, there are about 1,400 boxes that do relate to HPL in a couple of conference rooms over at 3AC.  They need to go to AEP.  In additon there are approxiamately 12,000 boxes that relate to HPL at Iron Mountain that belong to AEP, however many of these boxes also contained other non-HPL information that needs to be removed prior to AEP taking possesion of them.  Carolyn Gilley had a contracter working on reviewing the contents of these boxes and removing the non-HPL stuff.  AEP is in the process sending a demand letter to us asking for these boxes as they have upcoming tax audits and other needs for the boxes.  Who can work on this for us?  AEP is willing to fund a team of contractors to complete this.

	jim,

	thanks so much for taking the time to reply.   the boxes were sent to bert stromquist from linda lyrock (EGEP, Inc.).  	i am not sure about the labeling of the boxes (HPL).  the boxes contain technical data for expl & prod for 	international areas.  

	bert was with enron global markets.  any ideas regarding these records will be helpful.

	thanks,

	shirley birch, records management
	X5-6716

No.  We did have HPL boxes over that at one time and Carolyn Gilley and Earl Johnson managed the process but both are no longer here.  Can we get more specific information as to the contents and whether they are labled as HPL or not?

Jim,
Any idea?
sg

the fileroom on the 15th flr in 3AC has 12 containers with records that were sent to Bert Stromquist.  i cannot find bert in the system.  the information is technical data for exploration and production.  any idea of who may direct us with this information?  value to a new exp & prod group?

thanks,

shirley birch
X5-6716

Does any of this make sense to the two of you?  Please get back with me pon January 3rd and let me know if we do have outstanding issues with AEP and if we have unfinished projects from Carolyn Guilley.  Thanks. --Sally 

Sally ...
I thought I would pass this on. 

It started with some unidentified boxes which Shirley Birch was trying to locate.  I do not think Carolyn Gilley is here any longer.

Sheila 

This definitley does not sound like HPL.  I will ask around and see if anyone knows anything.  

However, there are about 1,400 boxes that do relate to HPL in a couple of conference rooms over at 3AC.  They need to go to AEP.  In additon there are approxiamately 12,000 boxes that relate to HPL at Iron Mountain that belong to AEP, however many of these boxes also contained other non-HPL information that needs to be removed prior to AEP taking possesion of them.  Carolyn Gilley had a contracter working on reviewing the contents of these boxes and removing the non-HPL stuff.  AEP is in the process sending a demand letter to us asking for these boxes as they have upcoming tax audits and other needs for the boxes.  Who can work on this for us?  AEP is willing to fund a team of contractors to complete this.

	jim,

	thanks so much for taking the time to reply.   the boxes were sent to bert stromquist from linda lyrock (EGEP, Inc.).  	i am not sure about the labeling of the boxes (HPL).  the boxes contain technical data for expl & prod for 	international areas.  

	bert was with enron global markets.  any ideas regarding these records will be helpful.

	thanks,

	shirley birch, records management
	X5-6716

No.  We did have HPL boxes over that at one time and Carolyn Gilley and Earl Johnson managed the process but both are no longer here.  Can we get more specific information as to the contents and whether they are labled as HPL or not?

Jim,
Any idea?
sg

the fileroom on the 15th flr in 3AC has 12 containers with records that were sent to Bert Stromquist.  i cannot find bert in the system.  the information is technical data for exploration and production.  any idea of who may direct us with this information?  value to a new exp & prod group?

thanks,

shirley birch
X5-6716

Mari:

Here's the contact list Sally asked I forward to you.

			 

Christina Valdez
Asst. to Sally Beck
713.853.9106

I am out of the office on vacation Thursday, December 20th - Friday, December 21st.  I will be in town and can be reached by cell phone over the next few days (713-417-1591).  On Wednesday, December 26 - Friday, December 28 ( following Christmas), I will be in New York.  My contact number/hotel while in New York is listed on the attached in the event something critical should arise.

I am attaching for your convenience a "Holiday Key Contact" list for operations for the business units. 

Have a safe and wonderful holiday!

 
			

--Sally

I am out of the office on vacation Thursday, December 20th - Friday, December 21st.  I will be in town and can be reached by cell phone over the next few days (713-417-1591).  On Wednesday, December 26 - Friday, December 28 ( following Christmas), I will be in New York.  My contact number/hotel while in New York is listed on the attached in the event something critical should arise.

I am attaching for your convenience a "Holiday Key Contact" list for operations for the business units. 

Have a safe and wonderful holiday!

 
			

--Sally

Yes, I think that it makes sense to keep the system available over the weekend for the foreseeable future.  I had operations teams accessing critical data, available only in SAP, on Friday evening and Sunday this past weekend.  It is very likely that our need to do so will continue, unlimited to weekdays.  Thanks.  --Sally 

Normally, these scheduled SAP outages are planned with the major user bases via a communication released 3 weeks in advance and subsequently approved.  The notice you received today was a reminder notice.  This outage is due to our quarterly production build schedule for SAP upgrades to the HR environment ("hotpacks").  

We rescheduled this weekends outage earlier today after consultation with HR and the tentative and future date will be mid-January.  At this point no additional outages are planned for the remainder of the year.

The revised (cancelled) notification will go out tomorrow.

Allan Sommer
Enron ISC
713-345-5291 work
713-503-5089 cell
877-711-4760 or 8777114760@skytel.com

SAP System Outage Notification

Our curve validation process is one of the key items that Arthur Andersen will be reviewing at year end.  AA has looked for us to strengthen this process, and Tom Bauer stated about 6 weeks ago that he would be looking closely at this.  (His focus may now have been diverted, but I would also anticipate that AA's reviews will have a new intensity about them!)  

In preparation for this, I have called a meeting today with the risk leads across all commodities.  I want to hear from them in a protected environment today what they are and are not doing regarding curve validation.  We will review the recent changes recommended regarding curve validation (from the task force lead by Shona Wilson) and discuss specific action steps to insure that we demonstrate an improved curve validation process.  I have a meeting with Shawn Kilcrest and Tom Bauer later this week and, following today's meeting, I hope to give them assurances about progress that has or will be made.  

You are welcome to join us in this meeting.  If you do not attend, please get with your respective risk leads later today or tomorrow so that you are aware of the current status of curve validation in your area and any improvements that may need to be made quickly.  

The meeting will be held as follows:  	3:00 - 3:30 PM 
					ECS  4102 (my office) 

Attendees:	Jeff Gossett
		Stacey White
		Sam Leuschen
		Scott Mills
		John Swinney
		Frank Prejean
		Michelle Bruce
		EBS TBD
		
			

Is Kathy the right contact?  Or should it be Brian?  

Let's talk about changing the Canadian reporting relationships - especially risk.  I think that I will propose that to Lavorato today.  But let's talk first.  --Sally 

FYI - this is out there as a possible reason why Americas VaR did not come down to within limits as we expected.
In the absence of a fix it looks as though we have another VaR violation.

Kathy,
It looks like the Canadian positions didn't hit VAR last night.  Can you re-check?
Also, I understand Zufferli bot a ton of NG and I thought he was short? (Why is system showing he is long?)

Frank

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8241559.1328	
11/26/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8568832.813	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8691997.5495	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8691997.5495	

Any ideas on why Canadian numbers wouldn't have made it into V@R calc today?  --Sally 

FYI - this is out there as a possible reason why Americas VaR did not come down to within limits as we expected.
In the absence of a fix it looks as though we have another VaR violation.

Kathy,
It looks like the Canadian positions didn't hit VAR last night.  Can you re-check?
Also, I understand Zufferli bot a ton of NG and I thought he was short? (Why is system showing he is long?)

Frank

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8241559.1328	
11/26/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8568832.813	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8691997.5495	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8691997.5495	

Bradford called last night - some problem with SO2 marks.  Bill thought that our curves were way off.  Sounds as if that is not the problem but instead that the book in which these deals were put had previously housed only intercompany deals and not third party deals.  Book wasn't picked up in Credit's exposure, making it look as if we were off on our mark versus Barclay's mark by $20MM.  I have gotten one story from Brent.  What do you know about this?  --Sally 

Elizabeth/Jim:
 
This is a "Draft" of process that I mentioned in our meeting in Jim's office on Monday.
 
 
 

Attached is the memo that Christina delivered to you/Jim on  Tuesday.  One update is that Scott Mills is now out of the office through Christmas.  Kristin Albrecht would be the appropriate risk rep in Scott's place is a meeting were to be held this week.  --Sally 

 

Sorry that we didn't get together today.  I plan to be out of the office from now until  Monday, December 31.  I will be in Houston through Christmas, and can be available by cell phone on Thursday and Friday this week, December 20 and 21.  I will be in New York for several days following Christmas, from December 26 through December 28.  

Tomorrow, I will send you a contact list for Mid and Back Office Operations for the remainder of this week and the week of Christmas.  That contact list contains my hotel number in New York, if something critical were to arise while I am out of the office.  

I had provided you yesterday with a list of IT and Operations personnel to be included in the meeting to be set with Elizabeth Saeger regarding the process for handling terminations of transactions and arriving at the residual value of deals non-terminated deals in the risk books.  I have not seen a meeting scheduled yet, and as you can see from the memo that I sent you yesterday, many risk book administrators will begin their vacations around Christmas this week.  If you still plan to hold the meeting this week, please notify my assistant, Christina Valdez (x39106) and I will try to join in by phone.  

I hope that you and your family have a great Christmas.  I will see you back in the office on December 31. Feel free to call me in the interim either at home or on my cell phone.  --Sally 

Your champagne is under my desk.  I hope that you and Craig will enjoy it!!   Have a wonderful holiday and I will see you on the 31st.  

Don't know what works best with your schedule.  Ernie Pitterelli (head of Operatins for UBS Americas) will be here on Monday and Tuesday and one of the things that we will discuss is the risk roles - position rerporting and calculation of P&L.  Ernie is targeting Tuesday to discuss Canadian operations, so it could be helpful for you to be here.  What was Wes' response?  --Sally 

Sally, I was planning on going home tomorrow but Peggy just informed me that she was coming down on Monday and Tuesday to discuss settlements and risk.  Do you think I should plan on being here for that also?

FYI...
Can you have someone send me the list that you said you have provided to suitors of the ENA business?  I haven't seen it yet since we talked this morning.  Bob Hall and I thought that list would be the best one for us to reconcile to for reporting to you and John on resignations.  SInce you have submitted that list, we should also decide on a process for updating that with new names that we would substitute for someone who leaves.  

Since I haven't received the list yet, please send it to both Bob Hall and me.  I will be out of the office on Thursday, so Bob will handle the details of a daily report starting tomorrow.  

Thanks.  --Sally 

Can you have someone send me the list that you said you have provided to suitors of the ENA business?  I haven't seen it yet since we talked this morning.  Bob Hall and I thought that list would be the best one for us to reconcile to for reporting to you and John on resignations.  SInce you have submitted that list, we should also decide on a process for updating that with new names that we would substitute for someone who leaves.  

Since I haven't received the list yet, please send it to both Bob Hall and me.  I will be out of the office on Thursday, so Bob will handle the details of a daily report starting tomorrow.  

Thanks.  --Sally 

Thanks for your call a few weeks back.  Has been totally crazy here, with incredibly long hours over the last 6 to 8 weeks.  Today is my last day in the office until Monday, December 31.   I need the break!  Has been hard to squeeze in time to get ready for Christmas.  And we are hosting Tyler's 4th birthday party on Friday this week.  Christmas at home, as usual, and the Meagan and I will be off to New York the morning of December 26th with her friend Nicole and her mom.  We thought it would be a fun trip with our seniors!  Shopping, eating and seeing plays - will be back on the night of the 28th.  

Our upcoming trips are to Orlando for four days in early March with the high school drill team for nationals competition. Then spring break in mid-March in Telluride for our first family ski trip!  Hopefully we will all come back in one piece!

Have a wonderful Christmas and enjoy the sun in San Diego.  Christmas cards are coming - you may just receive yours after Christmas.  Mo is in town and will join us for dinner tomorrow night. Grapevine has it that she is skinny as a rail!  

College update:  Meagan got her applications in to UT, OU, SMU and TCU before November 1.  She has acceptance letters from OU and SMU in hand, and is waiting to hear from UT and TCU.  I have no idea what her decision will be!  

Our best to Paul and the girls.  --Sally 

Howdy,

Seems like our companies have been getting more than their fair share of
business magazine covers lately -- BW had Enron last week and HP this week
-- it is interesting for me to feel so closely tied to some of the biggest
stories in the business community right now -- I'm thinking that you would
choose a word other than interesting!

This has been a fun holiday season for us -- I took Rebecca to the Festival
of Trees -- a fancy tree decorating fund raiser and The Nutcracker Ballet --
it was very nice for Boise.  Tomorrow is her school program and tomorrow
night I am taking her to the Botanical Gardens, which are decorated in
lights this time of year.  But her main goal is getting to Christmas day and
opening presents -- she drives me nuts asking to open presents 55 times a
day :-)  On the 26th we are heading to San Diego for 4 days in the sun -- hp
is pretty much shut down from Dec 24 - Jan 1 opening Jan 2nd.

Are your winter plans taking you to Salt Lake for the Olympics?  Paul and I
will be there Feb 12 -15 -- I have tickets to the men's short and long
figure skating event.  As you can imagine,  I am VERY excited.  Not too much
else planned for the winter -- if you and your family want to sneak away for
a winter ski trip, think about Sun Valley.  I'd love to set something up for
us all.....except Katherine....she just starting walking...not quite ready
for skis!

Take Care,
Stephanie

James will be a real sport to fly with us and then turn around!!  Maybe he would like to do some Christmas shopping!!  That is a great fare - thanks for including us as buddies!..

My hair cut appointment is on Saturday morning, the 29th, so the timing on our return on Friday the 28th is very flexible for me.  Whatever flight you think would be best for us to return on will be fine.  

I am getting the phone number for the hotel and will forward that to you.  I will also get Meagan to coordinate with Nicole on their choices on Broadway plays and then I will get tickets for us.  --Sally 

Sally,
I was able to list on the following flights.  James did the calculation for
the cost.  It will be $125.00 per ticket.  It is calculated with a $50.00
service charge + the tax on the highest coach ticket to New York, which I
believe was $1200.00 or so.  We listed James because if he travels up there
with us we can get a higher priority than traveling alone.  He probably will
just turnaround and return to Houston.

These flights seem to have the greatest possibility of getting a seat.  A
positive regarding the early arrival into New York is perhaps to catch some
after Christmas sales!!!.  The arrival is into Newark while the returning is
out of LaGuardia.  We can always change the times and/or airport, if we
check the flights the night before.  But I did remember that you had a salon
appointment on the 28th.  This would get us back rather early --8:40am.

Let me know if this works for you guys!!

  _____

 Depart:  LGA on Friday, December 28, 2001 at 6:00 AM

Flight # 0633	 Equipment Type is 738

CLASS
CAPACITY
AUTHORIZED
BOOKED
HELD
JUMP
GROUP
PRPS
PRSA
First 	14 	14 	4 	0 	0 	0 	0 	0
Coach 	141 	160 	123 	0 	0 	1 	0 	8
TOTALS 	155 	174 	127
PNR Information for Confirmation Number VZW60V
Flight #	 Flight Date	 Origin	 Depart Time	 Destination
Arrival Time	 Equipment	 Travel Time	 Meal
1610 	Wednesday, December 26, 2001 	IAH 	6:40 AM 	EWR
10:56 AM 	M80 	3 hr 16 min 	Snack

Boarding  <javascript:FlightPBT('IAH||||12/26/2001||1610|||||*|');> Totals
(PBT) 	          Pass
<javascript:NonRevList('IAH||||12/26/2001||1610|||||*|');> Rider List
Change  <javascript:ChangeSeg('1+1610+Wednesday, December 26,
2001+VZW60V+IAH+EWR+0');> Segment
  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>
  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>
633 	Friday, December 28, 2001 	LGA 	6:00 AM 	IAH 	8:40
AM 	738 	3 hr 40 min 	Snack

Boarding  <javascript:FlightPBT('LGA||||12/28/2001||633|||||*|');> Totals
(PBT) 	          Pass
<javascript:NonRevList('LGA||||12/28/2001||633|||||*|');> Rider List
Change  <javascript:ChangeSeg('3+633+Friday, December 28,
2001+VZW60V+LGA+IAH+12/26/2001');> Segment
  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>
Pass Class	 Name
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> Assigned Seat(s)
SA1P72 	JAMESH WHITTAKER
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> No Seats Assigned

SA1P72 	CHERYLL WHITTAKER
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> No Seats Assigned

SA1P72 	NICOLEE WHITTAKER
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> No Seats Assigned

SA1P72 	SALLY BECK
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> No Seats Assigned

SA1P72 	MEGAN BECK
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif> No Seats Assigned

Boarding
<javascript:FlightPBT('IAH||||12/26/2001||1610|||||*|LGA||||12/28/2001||633|
||||*|');> Totals (PBT) 	          Pass
<javascript:NonRevList('IAH||||12/26/2001||1610|||||*|LGA||||12/28/2001||633
|||||*|');> Rider List

  _____

This PNR has been eTicketed.
In order to make changes to this eTicketed PNR please click on the Change
Segment link below each segment,
call Continental Reservations or call 1-866-Fly-ePass.
  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>

  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/left_corner_bottom.gif>
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/right_corner_bottom.gif>
  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/spacer.gif>

  <https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/select.gif>
<javascript:CancelPNR('VZW60V');> Cancel PNR
<https://intranetres.coair.com/res/images/pipe.gif>
<javascript:ChangePage('VZW60V', 'RequestReceipt.asp', '3');> Request R

The Document Company
            XEROX
 Cheryl Whittaker
Business Planning & Productivity
TOSS Marketing Operations
(713) 888-6319  or  8*758-6319

 - Notebook.jpg << File: Notebook.jpg >> 

We need your help in completing the following today, per Sally Beck's voice mail message:  

Review your tab in this e-mail to verify the list of retained employees (your name should be in the list as well).

Where applicable, if you have employees designated to go to NewCo, please indicate that on your list (we are striving for a list of employees who will remain with the estate).  

Return a hard copy of your list to Marla Barnard by 2:00 PM today, with your signature that the list is accurate and complete, or with appropriate changes/updates noted.  

Complete a summary template being sent to you by either Kerry Roper or Mike Galvan that will give us your total number of employees (with subtotals for those going to NewCo and those remaining with the Estate) and your total number of employees.  Please complete this by 2:00 PM also.  

Thanks.  

I have asked Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens to attend.  I don't have confirmation yet on whether or not all three will be able to attend.  I thought that if asked three, that this should work on one of their schedules.  I will let you know later who will attend.  I will be out of the office that day.  --sally

Are you or a designate going to this?

GP

This week's Lite Bytz presentation will feature the following APPZ speaker:

Hal Elrod
CommodityLogic
Thursday, April 26, 2001

If you have not already signed up, please RSVP via email to litebytz@enron.com by the end of the day Tuesday, April 24, 2001.

*Remember: this is now a Brown Bag Event--so bring your lunch and we will provide 

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/revisedhalelrod.ppt

Three weeks ago I started a 15 minute meeting in my office on Monday mornings for a key group working on the commercialization effort of mid and back office services.  Attendees are my key operations personnel involved, Todd Busby (for a preview of what's to come), Rahil and Fred Philipson.  The purpose of the meeting is to review progress on items agreed to for the previous week and to establish priorities for the current week.  I have been capturing all of this on the white board in my office to date.  Today I decided to recap in writing for everyone.  Thought that you might be interested.  Open the attachment to the e-mail below.  This way you will know more of the details of our efforts each week.  --Sally 

The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning.  Highlights from last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well.  Let me know if anything has been left off the list.  --Sally 

 

The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning.  Highlights from last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well.  Let me know if anything has been left off the list.  --Sally 

 

I will have that to you by the end of the afternoon.  I have set aside my afternoon to complete the timeline and resource needs, rewrite the presentation to originators, recap our Monday morning meeting on commercialization efforts for this week, work on my game plan for EES and get with Bob Hall to do an update for Brian Redmond on the HPL sale before his Tueday meeting with Louise.  I will share these items with you as I get them checked off my list this afternoon.  --Sally 

How are we coming on your operations workload and goals for Q2?

GP

Latest update - FYI 
So far, we have not done any further testing on ConfirmLogic since early last week when we encountered the problems with the volume and price displays.  Kathryn called me late on Friday and said that they would let us know when we can resume testing.  We have not heard from them this morning.

Their demo last Thursday for the Beta Clients went well.  The customers that participated in the demo were Reliant, Dynegy, Calpine, and Sempra (Sempra participated via Video Conference from Enron's New York Office.)  Dynegy immediately said that they were very interested and I heard that Reliant called back and expressed their interest as well.

I will keep you posted on any further developments.

Kim Theriot 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

I will be out of town on Thursday.  I think that it would be great if you could attend this info session on CommodityLogic - it would be good to hear how this project is being described to a wider audience within Enron.  If you can make it, please try to attend.  And I would love to have a voice mail message afterwards with your feedback from the info session.  Thanks.  

Sent by:	Enron Announcements@ENRON
This week's Lite Bytz presentation will feature the following APPZ speaker:

Hal Elrod
CommodityLogic
Thursday, April 26, 2001

If you have not already signed up, please RSVP via email to litebytz@enron.com by the end of the day Tuesday, April 24, 2001.

*Remember: this is now a Brown Bag Event--so bring your lunch and we will provide 

http://home.enron.com:84/messaging/revisedhalelrod.ppt

The best list of operations employees involved in UBS Warburg Energy is the=
 executed offer letters and employment agreements that have been turned in.=
  I also have an up-to-date org chart.  Can we reconcile your distribution =
list with this org chart?  I would like to get his right.  --Sally

Please remove my name from this distribution list.  As I understand it, the=
re is a new list of employees w/ offers for the new company and I am no lon=
ger on the list.
Thanks,
Michelle Bruce

Date: Thursday, January 24, 2002

Location: The Houstonian Hotel

Orientation will be split into two sessions and divided by alpha-order. Ses=
sions will run 10am-1pm and 2pm-5pm.

We encourage all of you to attend your designated session as valuable infor=
mation will be presented, and you will have the opportunity to get answers =
to your questions.

You will need to bring your Enron ID card or drivers license.

You can speed things up tomorrow by filing in the attached forms - alternat=
ively you can complete them there tomorrow

10am Session   Letters A- K

2pm Session Letters L-Z

Registration will be outside of the Juniper Room.

Bus Transportation

Buses will depart from the Java Plaza area on the ground floor of the north=
 building at:

First session =09=09=09=09Second session
8:45am-9am=09=09=09=0912:45pm-1pm=20

 << File: Beneficiary.pdf >>  << File: DirDeposit.pdf >>  << File: EnrolFor=
m.pdf >>  << File: W4_2002.pdf >>

I have put this meeting on my calendar.  You don't need to forward to anyone else.  Chantelle should handle that for Brent's EGM team.  Thanks. 
Assistants -  Please take just a few minutes to forward the following message to everyone within your group and encourage everyone to attend.  Thank you.

Please mark your calendar now and make every effort to attend the upcoming Enron Global Markets - All Employee Meeting.  The details for the meeting are as follows:

Enron Global Markets
All Employee Meeting

Monday, May 7, 2001
3:30 - 4:30 p.m. - Business Meeting
4:30 - 6:00 p.m. - Cocktails and Appetizers

Hyatt Regency Hotel - Houston
Imperial Ballroom

Latest update - FYI 
So far, we have not done any further testing on ConfirmLogic since early last week when we encountered the problems with the volume and price displays.  Kathryn called me late on Friday and said that they would let us know when we can resume testing.  We have not heard from them this morning.

Their demo last Thursday for the Beta Clients went well.  The customers that participated in the demo were Reliant, Dynegy, Calpine, and Sempra (Sempra participated via Video Conference from Enron's New York Office.)  Dynegy immediately said that they were very interested and I heard that Reliant called back and expressed their interest as well.

I will keep you posted on any further developments.

Kim Theriot 

As a follow up to our discussion earlier this week on commercialization of mid and back office services and managing those responsibilities for EWS, I will have a timeline for your review on Monday that will pinpoint key dates:  Unify conversion, EES absorption, HPL sale, commercialization, Todd Busby's arrival, etc.  I will also have details of resource needs.  We can use this to set internal expectations on the timing of successfully handling all of these initiatives.  I will welcome your comments on the timeline.  --Sally 

Thought you'd like to know.  --Sally 
Teresa J Wood
04/20/2001 07:58 AM
BABY ALERT!

Mike and Gill Jordan have a new baby daughter called Emma who was born at about 11am today.
She weighs 7 pounds 8 oz and they are all well and happy.

Well done to Gill - and Mike of course for your part in the proceedings - and congratulations to the Jordan family!

Teresa
PS if I have missed anyone, please pass on the good news!

Congratulations on the birth of Emma.  I hope that everyone is doing well.  Enjoy your time off and the opportunity to hold and hug that new baby.  I will look forward to seeing pictures the next time that we get together.  --Sally 

Teresa J Wood
04/20/2001 07:58 AM
BABY ALERT!

Mike and Gill Jordan have a new baby daughter called Emma who was born at about 11am today.
She weighs 7 pounds 8 oz and they are all well and happy.

Well done to Gill - and Mike of course for your part in the proceedings - and congratulations to the Jordan family!

Teresa
PS if I have missed anyone, please pass on the good news!

I have my list at home, but I know that we need Dad's sister Jane and her husband, Homer and Karen, Sarah in Austin (whose kids are independently dell-wealthy) and I can't remember who else.  I know that there were ten invitations needed, including Mom and Dad.  The list below plus those in this paragraph total 8 - so we must be missing 2.  

I will try to catch David and have him look at the list that I copied from Mom.  

Thanks for these.  I will do invitations this weekend.  Do you have the address for Josephine's House?  And do we have a time?  --Sally

Sally,

That tiki person is out according to mom....

Fabian and Mary Ann Block
103 Waterlily Circle
Georgetown, TX  78628

Barney and Joann Boyette
2631 Inwood View
San Antonio, TX  78248

Buddy and Nelwyn Hare
11827 Wink Rd.
Houston 77024

Mary Souter
13811 Cedar Canyon
San Antonio  78231

who am i forgetting?  I think someone in Victoria?

 

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/19/2001 02:34 PM
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name: Sally W. Beck	      

Login ID:  sbeck

Extension:  x35926

Office Location:  EB 3389

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop, plus Laptop at home

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  Jornada

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  Not sure

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  Yes
    If yes, who?  Patti Thompson

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  No

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  Yes
    If yes, who?  Patti Thompson

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  ?
    If yes, which shared calendar?  

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  no
    If yes, please list here:  

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: email & organizer 

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY): 04/25/01     To (MM/DD/YY): 04/30/01     

Hadn't talked with you in a while and thought that I would send a quick note to say hello.  Saying it is busy here sounds a bit like a broken record, but it is busy here!  Big challege currently is juggling our huge day-to-day business for Enron Americas, starting the absorption of some pieces of EES (my part alone looks like an additional 120 employees, with the intent to find ways to assimilate that business and ultimately reduce overall support costs for Enron), the sale of Houston Pipeline to AEP that should conclude in June or July and the commercialization of mid and back office services.    All of these of course with top priority!  

I am really enjoying having Beth Apollo on the team.  She has already made  a very positive impact, while she is learning the details of the operations side.  

How is life treating you?  I know that their is a lot going on in the London office, as well.  How has Ted Murphy's assimilation into the London office been?  Do you have plans to be in Houston any time soon?  

Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding their baby.  

Hope that all is well with you.  --Sally 

I will need a rental car in Oklahoma - looks like National is the one to use.  Thanks. --Sally 

Sent by:	Enron Announcements@ENRON
Car Rental Options for Enron Travelers

Rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to:

National Car Rental (Primary) and  Alamo Rent-A-Car (Secondary).  

The intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage Enron's total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non-pricing provisions (i.e. insurance).

National Car Rental, due to its service levels, availability and total value proposition, has been awarded Primary status and is recommended as the first choice for Enron travelers' needs.

Alamo Rent-A-Car, a sister company to National, has been awarded a contract reflecting a Secondary status, due to its service levels, availability and low cost solutions.  Alamo is recommended as an alternative to National, where available.

When you rent a vehicle in the United States, (including Puerto Rico) or Canada, the following insurance provisions are included, regardless of rate selected: 
1.	L/DW (Loss/Damage Waiver) - This is what is called Comprehensive or Collision on your personal auto. It covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it. 
2.	Liability - This covers people and property outside the rental vehicle. For both National and Alamo, the coverage is $100,000 per person, $300,000 per occurrence and $50,000 for property damage. 
** IMPORTANT ***
These coverages apply regardless of rate selected, as long as the following contract ID is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement.  (National -  5000838 Alamo    - #143974)

To enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from Enron's preferred suppliers, it is recommended that each traveler enroll in National's and Alamo's preferred traveler programs.  National's Emerald Club membership and Alamo's Quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return.  The enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for Enron travelers.  Enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of Enron American Express T&E Cardholders.  You may also find an enrollment form on the Enron Travel Program intranet @ gss.enron.com <http://gss.enron.com/>.

If you have any questions or comments, please contact Jeff Leath at 713-646-6165.

Your info is right - although I do hope that all is not dark.  Wouldn't have imagined this outcome two weeks ago.  But when Bob Hall removed his name from the Netco list, timing was critical in working with potential purchasers in the auction process.  There wasn't anyone else to step in, so I did so just to help coordinate the due diligence effort and the transition.  I spent many hours with the UBS operations team last week, and they are the ones who decided that they wanted me to take the role.  It was the time that I spent with the UBS team that changed my mind about considering the role.  My reporting relationship will be to the head of American operations in Stamford, CT.  I am quite impressed with him.  The further negative news here was a factor as well.  Should be interesting.  --Sally 

    I hear you've gone to the dark side :-)

Thought you might be interested in these two changes.  Mary has actually be=
en out of the office since late February.  All of her global database respo=
nsibilities were transferred in late 2000 to James Scribner and his team, u=
nder Beth Apollo.  Mary's effectiveness on CommodityLogic had been lessened=
 over time, and beginning with her absence in February I have relied on my =
business leads (Bob Superty, Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens) for their ev=
aluation of the NomLogic, ConfirmLogic and InvoiceLogic modules.  --Sally=
=20

Mary Solmonson has made a personal choice to resign from Enron.  It is with=
 regret that I have accepted Mary's letter of recommendation.  Mary has con=
tributed greatly during her tenure at Enron, particularly in the developmen=
t of global information that has been critical in supporting our effective =
systems development and information gathering.  I do appreciate Mary's pers=
onal decision, however, and I know that you will join me in wishing Mary we=
ll. =20

Also effective April 16, we have made a realignment within Enron Net Works =
of the group led by Sheri Thomas.  Sheri will now report directly to Andy Z=
ipper, who leads EnronOnline.  The Operations Product Control Team in its e=
arly stages was focused primarily on making our transition to EnronOnline a=
 smooth one for operations.  Much time was spent initially on the bridges n=
ecessary between EnronOnline and our legacy systems.  The role of the team =
has evolved today to one that is intimately involved in the day-to-day  ope=
rations of EnronOnline.  With this evolution, it makes sense to have Sheri'=
s team as an integral part of the larger EnronOnline team.  Sheri's team wi=
ll continue to support other e-commerce initiatives, such as Clickpaper, De=
alBench and CommodityLogic, so that we can leverage the experience of her t=
eam and avoid duplication of internal infrastructure.  Sheri, Andy and I me=
t with Sheri's team yesterday to announce this organizational realignment. =
 Sheri has done a great job of leading the Product Control Group over the p=
ast 14 months.  Sheri is committed to see that her team continues to work c=
losely with Operations to ensure that any changes in Enron's e-commerce bus=
inesses that may impact trading operations are shared with us.  We look for=
ward to continuing to work closely with Sheri and her team.  =20

Keep me posted on the impact of losing that day.  Thanks. --Sally 

   

FYI - after discussions with appropriate groups I will let you know of any impacts and/or issues.

Thanks,
Leslie 
All,

Starting with the April accounting month Corp is cutting a day off of our close process as part of Project Sunrise.  This means that we will have only five days to get all activity booked.  I will be calling a meeting for later this week or early next week to discuss any issues that may arise from this and future implications of Project Sunrise.  Feel free to call if you have any questions.

						Greg x35399

I assume that Kathryn has communicated this to you.  I have only read Kim's e-mail - I will talk with her later today.  --Sally 
I wanted to give you a quick update on ConfirmLogic....

Testing was done last week on the ConfirmLogic module.  On Thursday, we discussed with Kathryn Cordes and the ConfirmLogic IT team the items that we had found that were "show stoppers" as far as releasing the product for Beta Testing.  Some of the major Items found were the inability to properly handle Basis Swaps for Gas and inability to display meaningful Index References for Power (they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the Index).  

The team worked on the "fixes" and migrated the code last night.  Today during testing, they found that the new code had actually caused problems with the fixed price and volume information, which was working previously.  I talked to Kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code.  She said that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine.  We plan more testing in the morning.

They are doing a high-level demo this Thursday for Beta Customers just to introduce the module.  They were planning on having more extensive Beta demos for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to postponed further.

We have told them that we would not sign off for Beta testing until we were comfortable that the items that we identified were working.  We need consistent, stable days of testing before I will feel comfortable.

Overall, we like the "new" streamlined version of the screens and feel that it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues.

Call with any questions.

Kim Theriot  

I will meet with Kim this afternoon on her comments on ConfirmLogic.  Bottom line, no sign off from Kim at this point.  Thought you might want to know.  --Sally 
I wanted to give you a quick update on ConfirmLogic....

Testing was done last week on the ConfirmLogic module.  On Thursday, we discussed with Kathryn Cordes and the ConfirmLogic IT team the items that we had found that were "show stoppers" as far as releasing the product for Beta Testing.  Some of the major Items found were the inability to properly handle Basis Swaps for Gas and inability to display meaningful Index References for Power (they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the Index).  

The team worked on the "fixes" and migrated the code last night.  Today during testing, they found that the new code had actually caused problems with the fixed price and volume information, which was working previously.  I talked to Kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code.  She said that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine.  We plan more testing in the morning.

They are doing a high-level demo this Thursday for Beta Customers just to introduce the module.  They were planning on having more extensive Beta demos for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to postponed further.

We have told them that we would not sign off for Beta testing until we were comfortable that the items that we identified were working.  We need consistent, stable days of testing before I will feel comfortable.

Overall, we like the "new" streamlined version of the screens and feel that it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues.

Call with any questions.

Kim Theriot  

Mary Solmonson has made a personal choice to resign from Enron.  It is with=
 regret that I have accepted Mary's letter of recommendation.  Mary has con=
tributed greatly during her tenure at Enron, particularly in the developmen=
t of global information that has been critical in supporting our effective =
systems development and information gathering.  I do appreciate Mary's pers=
onal decision, however, and I know that you will join me in wishing Mary we=
ll. =20

Also effective April 16, we have made a realignment within Enron Net Works =
of the group led by Sheri Thomas.  Sheri will now report directly to Andy Z=
ipper, who leads EnronOnline.  The Operations Product Control Team in its e=
arly stages was focused primarily on making our transition to EnronOnline a=
 smooth one for operations.  Much time was spent initially on the bridges n=
ecessary between EnronOnline and our legacy systems.  The role of the team =
has evolved today to one that is intimately involved in the day-to-day  ope=
rations of EnronOnline.  With this evolution, it makes sense to have Sheri'=
s team as an integral part of the larger EnronOnline team.  Sheri's team wi=
ll continue to support other e-commerce initiatives, such as Clickpaper, De=
alBench and CommodityLogic, so that we can leverage the experience of her t=
eam and avoid duplication of internal infrastructure.  Sheri, Andy and I me=
t with Sheri's team yesterday to announce this organizational realignment. =
 Sheri has done a great job of leading the Product Control Group over the p=
ast 14 months.  Sheri is committed to see that her team continues to work c=
losely with Operations to ensure that any changes in Enron's e-commerce bus=
inesses that may impact trading operations are shared with us.  We look for=
ward to continuing to work closely with Sheri and her team.  =20

Here is final presentation.  I worked with Fred and Stephen this morning to make final changes.  --Sally 
 
All,

Attached is the back office services presentation for the originators.   Should be in semi-final form.  If you have any comments, please get with me as soon as time permits.

Thanks,

Fred
5-9323

Thanks for following up on this.  We will incorporate you numbers for offices and spots in the Tower.  

The people who need offices in the tower of the new building are: 

Scott Earnest
Michelle Bruce	
Todd Hall
Kevin Sweeney
Sheila Glover

The following people can share an office:

Mark Leskowitz
Jeff Sorenson
Clare Carrington
Laurel Adams
Theresa Brogan 

We would also like to have 75 spaces in the tower for the settlements and confirmations people.

Please let me know if you have any additional questions.

Thanks,
Laurel

I am taking Good Friday as my discretionary holiday for the year.  I will be in Austin with my daughter for her official tour and info session at UT, plus a look at dorms.  Patti will have numbers where I can be reached in Austin.  

We are making final changes to the orig presentation today - I will be reviewing those tomorrow in Austin.  I am e:mailing you a current draft version, although it does not yet reflect all of the changes needed.  I am still trying to eliminate some pages to make it more a more manageable size.  I have taken the work that Rahil and Fred have done on the services and have made that into an appendix - nice work, but way too much detail for a presentation.  

Memo on floor meetings, plus my reply to Greg and Philippe.  

The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees):  

		29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 

		30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 

		31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
		
		32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis

				 
		37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services 						
Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:

Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	

Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265

Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556

Philippe & Greg

Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

Please print for me - Black & white okay - I can't seemt to get this printed from my printer.  Thanks.  
Sally,

This includes most of the suggestions Andy made (all the word/format related ones, at least).  The only one I have not made relates to our discussion about adding a slide that outlines the history behind the Operations Pricing Desk and the various factors considered in building it.  Please let me know if you're busy and want me to glean the information from the slides you have archived.

Lets talk about it in more detail tomorrow.  If you need me at anytime, please feel free to contact me on my cell phone at 281.704.1060

Regards,
Rahil
3-3206

 

got it

George

 Saturday night sounds great, Darlene is in South Africa for the next 2 weeks 
so I'm ready. Call me at home 713-588-5176 or at work 713-853-3917.
 Golf also sound good, another guy from Calgary who now works down here Chris 
Dorland, I think you've met him before, wants to golf as well. 
 Look forward to seeing you.

    Rob

Peter,

 Tell Hellman if I snowboard like a girl then he skies like my grandmother !!

      Rob

George,

 I'll book a tee time for around 9:00 am. Talk to you later.

   Rob

Rob Benson, East power tradig, Director

 I would like 4 tickets for the Houston open, If available please sent to 
31st floor, location 3117d.
 Thank you very much.

Chris Dorland@ECT
05/11/2001 12:14 PM
	Dan Dorland
	05/11/2001 07:50 AM
	

http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/comment/detox/1422781.html

Why One Firm Thinks Enron Is Running Out of Gas
By Peter Eavis 
Senior Columnist
Originally posted at 5:23 PM ET 5/9/01 on RealMoney.com

A small research boutique with a reputation for rigorous analysis is telling 
clients to quickly dump Enron (ENE:NYSE - news), believing that the energy 
trading giant's 2001 earnings will fall well short of Wall Street's 
forecasts. 
Cambridge, Mass.-based Off Wall Street, led by analyst Mark Roberts, thinks 
Enron's 2001 earnings will fall 6 cents short of the consensus estimate of 
$1.79. The firm also believes Enron stock should trade around $30, nearly 50% 
below Wednesday's $59.20. 
The firm's 26-page report, published May 6, highlights Enron's declining 
profitability and increasing leverage and suggests that the company should 
trade on the same sort of multiple as a trading firm like Goldman Sachs (GS
:NYSE - news), which has a 2001 price-to-earnings ratio about half of Enron's 
33 times. OWS also alleges that Enron's earnings quality is poor and that key 
parts of its financial statements are confusing and opaque. 
Houston-based Enron didn't comment by publication time on elements of the 
report that Detox sent the company. An energy analyst who is bullish on 
Enron's outlook says the OWS report contains fundamental misunderstandings 
about the energy market and Enron's business model, but he says the report 
does include some ground-breaking and valid insights. (The analyst's firm 
doesn't give stock recommendations.) 
Economies of Scale
Why care what Off Wall Street writes, compared with, say, analysts at Merrill 
Lynch (MER:NYSE - news)? For one, OWS has an excellent track record. 
Particularly sweet was 2000, when the tech stocks it had bashed came crashing 
down. It has also shown itself to be well ahead of the curve, recommending 
that clients sell e-tailer priceline.com (PCLN:Nasdaq - news) in June 1999, 
when faith in Internet stocks was at its blindest and their prices at their 
most insane. 

Pulling Back
Enron retreats after long rally

Enron, with its domination of a burgeoning energy market, annual revenue of 
over $100 billion and impressive earnings growth, can hardly be ranked 
alongside the likes of priceline. But OWS thinks Enron is set for a 
precipitous drop nonetheless. Why? 
OWS's main beef is that key profitability measures are in decline. Margins on 
Enron's pretax operating earnings (which the company's earnings releases call 
IBIT, or income before interest, taxes and other items) are falling. Total 
IBIT of $795 million in the first quarter amounted to only 1.59% of the $50 
billion in revenue for the period, compared with a 2.08% margin in the fourth 
quarter and 4.75% in the year-earlier period. Revenue in the first quarter 
was nearly quadrupled from the year-earlier period, yet IBIT rose only 27%. 
This shrinkage is due to lower-margin trading income making up an 
increasingly large share of Enron's revenue base. 
OWS thus calculates that for the remainder of 2001 Enron needs to generate an 
extra $2.1 billion in revenue for each additional penny it makes over its 
2000 EPS of $1.47 to reach analysts' expectation of $1.79. 
The energy analyst counters that OWS apparently hasn't grasped how Enron can 
continue to increase earnings even when margins shrink. It does so simply by 
increasing volumes as the energy market balloons in size. In other words, 
margins may decline, but since revenues are so much higher, earnings still go 
up. Illustrating this, first-quarter 2001 EPS of 49 cents was 23% ahead of 
the year-ago figure, even though the IBIT margin shrank by 3.2 percentage 
points. The analyst thinks Enron will make $1.82 per share in 2001. 
Growing On You
In addition, the huge growth in the energy market that has so helped Enron is 
likely to continue for several years, according to the analyst. He notes that 
roughly 75% of the electricity available in the U.S. still isn't traded in a 
market. "Eventually it will be part of a competitive environment, but it'll 
take five to 10 years," says the analyst. And he believes the extreme 
volatility in energy-related commodities that has also benefited Enron will 
exist for longer than OWS projects. 
Still, OWS's point on profitability is bolstered by other profit measures. 
Return on capital (net income as a percentage of equity plus debt) was 6.6% 
in 2000, down on 1999's 6.9% and well below the 2000 returns on capital at 
Duke (DUK:NYSE - news) (11.8%), Dynegy (DYN:NYSE - news) (12.1%) and even 
Goldman (8.9%). 
Even Enron bulls will admit that its financials are hard to follow. For 
example, it doesn't give a gross margin number for its wholesale services, or 
trading, business, which accounts for 96% of revenue. But one area of the 
company's financial statements registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission that consistently bugs analysts is the part that describes Enron's 
related party transactions, which are the deals it does with entities that 
have some sort of link to the firm. In fact, one of the related entities that 
Enron has traded with is headed by Enron's CFO, Andrew Fastow. The energy 
analyst comments: "Why are they doing this? It's just inappropriate." 
The reason for maintaining these hard-to-follow related party deals has been 
a source of speculation. But OWS analysis shows how a sales of optical fiber 
to a related party may have been used to goose earnings in the second quarter 
of 2000. Estimated profits from the so-called dark fiber (optical cable 
without the gear to send data over it) transaction allowed Enron to beat 
analysts' second-earnings earnings estimate by 2 cents a share, rather than 
missing by 2 cents. 
How soon before Wall Street follows Off Wall Street on Enron? 

Chris Dorland@ECT
05/11/2001 12:14 PM
	Dan Dorland
	05/11/2001 07:50 AM
	

http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/comment/detox/1422781.html

Why One Firm Thinks Enron Is Running Out of Gas
By Peter Eavis 
Senior Columnist
Originally posted at 5:23 PM ET 5/9/01 on RealMoney.com

A small research boutique with a reputation for rigorous analysis is telling 
clients to quickly dump Enron (ENE:NYSE - news), believing that the energy 
trading giant's 2001 earnings will fall well short of Wall Street's 
forecasts. 
Cambridge, Mass.-based Off Wall Street, led by analyst Mark Roberts, thinks 
Enron's 2001 earnings will fall 6 cents short of the consensus estimate of 
$1.79. The firm also believes Enron stock should trade around $30, nearly 50% 
below Wednesday's $59.20. 
The firm's 26-page report, published May 6, highlights Enron's declining 
profitability and increasing leverage and suggests that the company should 
trade on the same sort of multiple as a trading firm like Goldman Sachs (GS
:NYSE - news), which has a 2001 price-to-earnings ratio about half of Enron's 
33 times. OWS also alleges that Enron's earnings quality is poor and that key 
parts of its financial statements are confusing and opaque. 
Houston-based Enron didn't comment by publication time on elements of the 
report that Detox sent the company. An energy analyst who is bullish on 
Enron's outlook says the OWS report contains fundamental misunderstandings 
about the energy market and Enron's business model, but he says the report 
does include some ground-breaking and valid insights. (The analyst's firm 
doesn't give stock recommendations.) 
Economies of Scale
Why care what Off Wall Street writes, compared with, say, analysts at Merrill 
Lynch (MER:NYSE - news)? For one, OWS has an excellent track record. 
Particularly sweet was 2000, when the tech stocks it had bashed came crashing 
down. It has also shown itself to be well ahead of the curve, recommending 
that clients sell e-tailer priceline.com (PCLN:Nasdaq - news) in June 1999, 
when faith in Internet stocks was at its blindest and their prices at their 
most insane. 

Pulling Back
Enron retreats after long rally

Enron, with its domination of a burgeoning energy market, annual revenue of 
over $100 billion and impressive earnings growth, can hardly be ranked 
alongside the likes of priceline. But OWS thinks Enron is set for a 
precipitous drop nonetheless. Why? 
OWS's main beef is that key profitability measures are in decline. Margins on 
Enron's pretax operating earnings (which the company's earnings releases call 
IBIT, or income before interest, taxes and other items) are falling. Total 
IBIT of $795 million in the first quarter amounted to only 1.59% of the $50 
billion in revenue for the period, compared with a 2.08% margin in the fourth 
quarter and 4.75% in the year-earlier period. Revenue in the first quarter 
was nearly quadrupled from the year-earlier period, yet IBIT rose only 27%. 
This shrinkage is due to lower-margin trading income making up an 
increasingly large share of Enron's revenue base. 
OWS thus calculates that for the remainder of 2001 Enron needs to generate an 
extra $2.1 billion in revenue for each additional penny it makes over its 
2000 EPS of $1.47 to reach analysts' expectation of $1.79. 
The energy analyst counters that OWS apparently hasn't grasped how Enron can 
continue to increase earnings even when margins shrink. It does so simply by 
increasing volumes as the energy market balloons in size. In other words, 
margins may decline, but since revenues are so much higher, earnings still go 
up. Illustrating this, first-quarter 2001 EPS of 49 cents was 23% ahead of 
the year-ago figure, even though the IBIT margin shrank by 3.2 percentage 
points. The analyst thinks Enron will make $1.82 per share in 2001. 
Growing On You
In addition, the huge growth in the energy market that has so helped Enron is 
likely to continue for several years, according to the analyst. He notes that 
roughly 75% of the electricity available in the U.S. still isn't traded in a 
market. "Eventually it will be part of a competitive environment, but it'll 
take five to 10 years," says the analyst. And he believes the extreme 
volatility in energy-related commodities that has also benefited Enron will 
exist for longer than OWS projects. 
Still, OWS's point on profitability is bolstered by other profit measures. 
Return on capital (net income as a percentage of equity plus debt) was 6.6% 
in 2000, down on 1999's 6.9% and well below the 2000 returns on capital at 
Duke (DUK:NYSE - news) (11.8%), Dynegy (DYN:NYSE - news) (12.1%) and even 
Goldman (8.9%). 
Even Enron bulls will admit that its financials are hard to follow. For 
example, it doesn't give a gross margin number for its wholesale services, or 
trading, business, which accounts for 96% of revenue. But one area of the 
company's financial statements registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission that consistently bugs analysts is the part that describes Enron's 
related party transactions, which are the deals it does with entities that 
have some sort of link to the firm. In fact, one of the related entities that 
Enron has traded with is headed by Enron's CFO, Andrew Fastow. The energy 
analyst comments: "Why are they doing this? It's just inappropriate." 
The reason for maintaining these hard-to-follow related party deals has been 
a source of speculation. But OWS analysis shows how a sales of optical fiber 
to a related party may have been used to goose earnings in the second quarter 
of 2000. Estimated profits from the so-called dark fiber (optical cable 
without the gear to send data over it) transaction allowed Enron to beat 
analysts' second-earnings earnings estimate by 2 cents a share, rather than 
missing by 2 cents. 
How soon before Wall Street follows Off Wall Street on Enron? 

 

Rob,
 
See tab "Rob" in the attached spreadsheet. Same story on Portfolio #2: reducing gas position, lowers VaR. I have ran two additional scenarios for Portfolio #2 with 2/3 and 1/2 of the original gas position. Let me know if you have questions.
 
Vlady.
Fletch,
 
The limits have been quoted using the 10d-99 measure. However, UBS will use all three measures.
 
In Portfolio #2, Gas risk overweighs Power risk. NG-R4 correlation is 60%. If you reduce your NG position, risk will come down. See portfolio 2a with 20,000/day of J-V 02 Gas. Also, see my simple square root of some of squares calc in the updated spreadsheet.
 
I will run Rob's scenarios sometime today and send it to you.
 
 
Vlady.

Vladimir,
 
Which measure are we going to be using at UBS?  VaR on portfolio #2 dosn't make sense to me that adding gas short to same position as #1c. increases risk.  What's up with that?  Also, could you forward the results from Rob Benson's portfolio's to me?  Thanks,
 
Fletch
[Benson, Robert] 
 
Vladi, we need to talk about the PJM/Gas correlations. Could you also give us a correlation matrix, all power markets and gas markets. Thanks  
						

 

can i get this by month?

Rob- I need an indication of where the PJM-west strip is for:
Ap02-Dec03 
and Ap02-Dec04
 
mids are fine but can you tell me how wide the bid/offers have been?
 
Thanks,
Caroline
917 324 1999
[Benson, Robert] 
 
Caroline, these mids are indication only. The bid/offer spread through Dec 02 would be $0.5 and $1.0 for 03 & 04.
 
Apr 02 - $26.25
May 02 - $29.25               
June 02 - $36.25
July-Aug 02 - $50.00
Sept 02 - $28.35
Q4 02 - $26.75
Cal 03 - $34.25
Jan-Feb 03 - $32.50
July-Aug 03 - $50.50
Cal 04 - $35.25
Jan-Feb 04 - $33.25
July-Aug 04 - $50.25
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Chris Dorland@ECT
05/11/2001 12:14 PM

=09Dan Dorland 05/11/2001 07:50 AM =09

http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/comment/detox/1422781.html

   Why One Firm Thinks Enron Is Running Out of Gas By Peter Eavis   Senior =
Columnist Originally posted at 5:23 PM ET 5/9/01 on RealMoney.com          =
  A small research boutique with a reputation for rigorous analysis is tell=
ing clients to quickly dump Enron (ENE :NYSE - news ), believing that the e=
nergy trading giant's 2001 earnings will fall well short of Wall Street's f=
orecasts.  Cambridge, Mass.-based Off Wall Street, led by analyst Mark Robe=
rts, thinks Enron's 2001 earnings will fall 6 cents short of the consensus =
estimate of $1.79. The firm also believes Enron stock should trade around $=
30, nearly 50% below Wednesday's $59.20.  The firm's 26-page report, publis=
hed May 6, highlights Enron's declining profitability and increasing levera=
ge and suggests that the company should trade on the same sort of multiple =
as a trading firm like Goldman Sachs (GS :NYSE - news ), which has a 2001 p=
rice-to-earnings ratio about half of Enron's 33 times. OWS also alleges tha=
t Enron's earnings quality is poor and that key parts of its financial stat=
ements are confusing and opaque.  Houston-based Enron didn't comment by pub=
lication time on elements of the report that Detox  sent the company. An en=
ergy analyst who is bullish on Enron's outlook says the OWS report contains=
 fundamental misunderstandings about the energy market and Enron's business=
 model, but he says the report does include some ground-breaking and valid =
insights. (The analyst's firm doesn't give stock recommendations.)  Economi=
es of Scale Why care what Off Wall Street writes, compared with, say, analy=
sts at Merrill Lynch (MER :NYSE - news )? For one, OWS has an excellent tra=
ck record. Particularly sweet was 2000, when the tech stocks it had bashed =
came crashing down. It has also shown itself to be well ahead of the curve,=
 recommending that clients sell e-tailer priceline.com (PCLN :Nasdaq - news=
 ) in June 1999, when faith in Internet stocks was at its blindest and thei=
r prices at their most insane.      Pulling Back Enron retreats after long =
rally   Enron, with its domination of a burgeoning energy market, annual re=
venue of over $100 billion and impressive earnings growth, can hardly be ra=
nked alongside the likes of priceline. But OWS thinks Enron is set for a pr=
ecipitous drop nonetheless. Why?  OWS's main beef is that key profitability=
 measures are in decline. Margins on Enron's pretax operating earnings (whi=
ch the company's earnings releases call IBIT, or income before interest, ta=
xes and other items) are falling. Total IBIT of $795 million in the first q=
uarter amounted to only 1.59% of the $50 billion in revenue for the period,=
 compared with a 2.08% margin in the fourth quarter and 4.75% in the year-e=
arlier period. Revenue in the first quarter was nearly quadrupled from the =
year-earlier period, yet IBIT rose only 27%. This shrinkage is due to lower=
-margin trading income making up an increasingly large share of Enron's rev=
enue base.  OWS thus calculates that for the remainder of 2001 Enron needs =
to generate an extra $2.1 billion in revenue for each additional penny it m=
akes over its 2000 EPS of $1.47 to reach analysts' expectation of $1.79.  T=
he energy analyst counters that OWS apparently hasn't grasped how Enron can=
 continue to increase earnings even when margins shrink. It does so simply =
by increasing volumes as the energy market balloons in size. In other words=
, margins may decline, but since revenues are so much higher, earnings stil=
l go up. Illustrating this, first-quarter 2001 EPS of 49 cents was 23% ahea=
d of the year-ago figure, even though the IBIT margin shrank by 3.2 percent=
age points. The analyst thinks Enron will make $1.82 per share in 2001.  Gr=
owing On You In addition, the huge growth in the energy market that has so =
helped Enron is likely to continue for several years, according to the anal=
yst. He notes that roughly 75% of the electricity available in the U.S. sti=
ll isn't traded in a market. "Eventually it will be part of a competitive e=
nvironment, but it'll take five to 10 years," says the analyst. And he beli=
eves the extreme volatility in energy-related commodities that has also ben=
efited Enron will exist for longer than OWS projects.  Still, OWS's point o=
n profitability is bolstered by other profit measures. Return on capital (n=
et income as a percentage of equity plus debt) was 6.6% in 2000, down on 19=
99's 6.9% and well below the 2000 returns on capital at Duke (DUK :NYSE - n=
ews ) (11.8%), Dynegy (DYN :NYSE - news ) (12.1%) and even Goldman (8.9%). =
 Even Enron bulls will admit that its financials are hard to follow. For ex=
ample, it doesn't give a gross margin number for its wholesale services, or=
 trading, business, which accounts for 96% of revenue. But one area of the =
company's financial statements registered with the Securities and Exchange =
Commission that consistently bugs analysts is the part that describes Enron=
's related party transactions, which are the deals it does with entities th=
at have some sort of link to the firm. In fact, one of the related entities=
 that Enron has traded with is headed by Enron's CFO, Andrew Fastow. The en=
ergy analyst comments: "Why are they doing this? It's just inappropriate." =
 The reason for maintaining these hard-to-follow related party deals has be=
en a source of speculation. But OWS analysis shows how a sales of optical f=
iber to a related party may have been used to goose earnings in the second =
quarter of 2000. Estimated profits from the so-called dark fiber (optical c=
able without the gear to send data over it) transaction allowed Enron to be=
at analysts' second-earnings earnings estimate by 2 cents a share, rather t=
han missing by 2 cents.  How soon before Wall Street follows Off Wall Stree=
t on Enron?   =09

Chris Dorland@ECT
05/11/2001 12:14 PM

=09Dan Dorland 05/11/2001 07:50 AM =09

http://www.thestreet.com/_yahoo/comment/detox/1422781.html

   Why One Firm Thinks Enron Is Running Out of Gas By Peter Eavis   Senior =
Columnist Originally posted at 5:23 PM ET 5/9/01 on RealMoney.com          =
  A small research boutique with a reputation for rigorous analysis is tell=
ing clients to quickly dump Enron (ENE :NYSE - news ), believing that the e=
nergy trading giant's 2001 earnings will fall well short of Wall Street's f=
orecasts.  Cambridge, Mass.-based Off Wall Street, led by analyst Mark Robe=
rts, thinks Enron's 2001 earnings will fall 6 cents short of the consensus =
estimate of $1.79. The firm also believes Enron stock should trade around $=
30, nearly 50% below Wednesday's $59.20.  The firm's 26-page report, publis=
hed May 6, highlights Enron's declining profitability and increasing levera=
ge and suggests that the company should trade on the same sort of multiple =
as a trading firm like Goldman Sachs (GS :NYSE - news ), which has a 2001 p=
rice-to-earnings ratio about half of Enron's 33 times. OWS also alleges tha=
t Enron's earnings quality is poor and that key parts of its financial stat=
ements are confusing and opaque.  Houston-based Enron didn't comment by pub=
lication time on elements of the report that Detox  sent the company. An en=
ergy analyst who is bullish on Enron's outlook says the OWS report contains=
 fundamental misunderstandings about the energy market and Enron's business=
 model, but he says the report does include some ground-breaking and valid =
insights. (The analyst's firm doesn't give stock recommendations.)  Economi=
es of Scale Why care what Off Wall Street writes, compared with, say, analy=
sts at Merrill Lynch (MER :NYSE - news )? For one, OWS has an excellent tra=
ck record. Particularly sweet was 2000, when the tech stocks it had bashed =
came crashing down. It has also shown itself to be well ahead of the curve,=
 recommending that clients sell e-tailer priceline.com (PCLN :Nasdaq - news=
 ) in June 1999, when faith in Internet stocks was at its blindest and thei=
r prices at their most insane.      Pulling Back Enron retreats after long =
rally   Enron, with its domination of a burgeoning energy market, annual re=
venue of over $100 billion and impressive earnings growth, can hardly be ra=
nked alongside the likes of priceline. But OWS thinks Enron is set for a pr=
ecipitous drop nonetheless. Why?  OWS's main beef is that key profitability=
 measures are in decline. Margins on Enron's pretax operating earnings (whi=
ch the company's earnings releases call IBIT, or income before interest, ta=
xes and other items) are falling. Total IBIT of $795 million in the first q=
uarter amounted to only 1.59% of the $50 billion in revenue for the period,=
 compared with a 2.08% margin in the fourth quarter and 4.75% in the year-e=
arlier period. Revenue in the first quarter was nearly quadrupled from the =
year-earlier period, yet IBIT rose only 27%. This shrinkage is due to lower=
-margin trading income making up an increasingly large share of Enron's rev=
enue base.  OWS thus calculates that for the remainder of 2001 Enron needs =
to generate an extra $2.1 billion in revenue for each additional penny it m=
akes over its 2000 EPS of $1.47 to reach analysts' expectation of $1.79.  T=
he energy analyst counters that OWS apparently hasn't grasped how Enron can=
 continue to increase earnings even when margins shrink. It does so simply =
by increasing volumes as the energy market balloons in size. In other words=
, margins may decline, but since revenues are so much higher, earnings stil=
l go up. Illustrating this, first-quarter 2001 EPS of 49 cents was 23% ahea=
d of the year-ago figure, even though the IBIT margin shrank by 3.2 percent=
age points. The analyst thinks Enron will make $1.82 per share in 2001.  Gr=
owing On You In addition, the huge growth in the energy market that has so =
helped Enron is likely to continue for several years, according to the anal=
yst. He notes that roughly 75% of the electricity available in the U.S. sti=
ll isn't traded in a market. "Eventually it will be part of a competitive e=
nvironment, but it'll take five to 10 years," says the analyst. And he beli=
eves the extreme volatility in energy-related commodities that has also ben=
efited Enron will exist for longer than OWS projects.  Still, OWS's point o=
n profitability is bolstered by other profit measures. Return on capital (n=
et income as a percentage of equity plus debt) was 6.6% in 2000, down on 19=
99's 6.9% and well below the 2000 returns on capital at Duke (DUK :NYSE - n=
ews ) (11.8%), Dynegy (DYN :NYSE - news ) (12.1%) and even Goldman (8.9%). =
 Even Enron bulls will admit that its financials are hard to follow. For ex=
ample, it doesn't give a gross margin number for its wholesale services, or=
 trading, business, which accounts for 96% of revenue. But one area of the =
company's financial statements registered with the Securities and Exchange =
Commission that consistently bugs analysts is the part that describes Enron=
's related party transactions, which are the deals it does with entities th=
at have some sort of link to the firm. In fact, one of the related entities=
 that Enron has traded with is headed by Enron's CFO, Andrew Fastow. The en=
ergy analyst comments: "Why are they doing this? It's just inappropriate." =
 The reason for maintaining these hard-to-follow related party deals has be=
en a source of speculation. But OWS analysis shows how a sales of optical f=
iber to a related party may have been used to goose earnings in the second =
quarter of 2000. Estimated profits from the so-called dark fiber (optical c=
able without the gear to send data over it) transaction allowed Enron to be=
at analysts' second-earnings earnings estimate by 2 cents a share, rather t=
han missing by 2 cents.  How soon before Wall Street follows Off Wall Stree=
t on Enron?   =09

	List of accomplishments for Rob Benson

	1. Made a fast and profitable transition from cash cinergy trader to term PJM trader.
	2. Current P/L is over $67,000,000, budget for the year was set at $15,000,000.
	3. No losing months, worst month was positive $2,700,000.
	4. Very high return on VAR, don't have actual numbers ( sorry ).
	5. Done two customer load following deals, both have turned out to be very profitable.
	6. Exceeded all EOL goals, both number of trades and volume. Each month I'm in the top 3 in east power for number of trades and volume.
	7. Have always stayed within my VAR limits
	8. I have become the market for all PJM trades, both on and off peak.
	9. My P/L has come from intra-day trading as well as an underlying fundamental position in both on and off peak. P/L did not come from just one big move.
	10. Have always put on positions based on my fundamental view, even if that view differed from others on the desk.

I have receive a top priority request from Louise Kitchen to obtain the accomplishments for the Commercial Directors in ENA. If you have entered this information into the PEP system, you will not be required to submit additional information. If you have not entered this information into the performance management system, please prepare a one page list of your achievements for this review period and send to me by noon July 2, 2001.  You can send your accomplishments to me via email (select confidential under options) or in a confidential envelope by runner.   Your prompt attention is greatly appreciated.  Please let me know if I can offer any assistance.  

This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.

You have been given the following permissions on my folders:
	Calendar:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Inbox:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Contacts:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Notes:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Journal:    	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)

To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this.

You will also be receiving copies of meeting requests sent to me and will be able to respond to them on my behalf.

	Hey Holly just thought I'd say hi. It has been a while, the last time we talked you were on your way to Mexico with your new man. How was it ? Do you now have a ring on your finger ? Any ways I suck at writing letters so email me back if you want. We should go golfing some time or go for a drink. 		

					Talk to ya later,  Rob

Hey Rob, sorry if I sounded a little weird on the phone the other night.  My
boyfriend and I were in the middle of a really heavy discussion when you
called.  He was standing right by me, (upset with me), so it was a little
awkward.  It was great to hear from you and I'd still like to meet you for a
drink sometime after work.  Take care, Holly

[Benson, Robert]  Hey Holly, sorry it has taken me so long to get back to you, I went back to Calgary for 10 days. Finally toke a vacation, I'm glad you wrote back, I shouldn't have called on a Friday night. I hope every thing worked out with your boyfriend. I'd love to get out with you, how's next wed or thurs ? Talk to ya later, Rob 
******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender.
******************************************************************

I'm glad to hear that you use stack manager but do you have a stand alone computer for stack or do you access it through terminal server (see below)?

Dan

I assume that since you didn't respond to my first two emails, none of you require access to stack manager.  If this is incorrect, please respond to my previous emails.

Thanks,

Dan

If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you.  Please reply to this message ASAP.  See below for details.

Thanks,

Dan

We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 

We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:

1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). 
or
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer).

Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field.

If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.

Thank you,

Dan Diamond
[Benson, Robert]  

I use the stack manager. I actually open 2 seperate stack managers.
[Benson, Robert]  
22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222

I assume that since you didn't respond to my first two emails, none of you require access to stack manager.  If this is incorrect, please respond to my previous emails.

Thanks,

Dan

If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you.  Please reply to this message ASAP.  See below for details.

Thanks,

Dan

We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 

We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:

1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). 
or
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer).

Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field.

If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.

Thank you,

Dan Diamond
[Benson, Robert]  

I use the stack manager. I actually open 2 seperate stack managers.

	Portfolio #1.

	Long 500 PJM western hub summers ( July/Aug )
	Long 300 PJM Sept
	Long 500 PJM Q4
	Long 250 PJM Cal 03

	Portfolio #2.

	Long 500 PJM western hub summers ( July/Aug )
	Long 300 PJM Sept
	Long 500 PJM Q4
	Long 250 PJM Cal 03
	Short 50,000 MMBtu's per day of Nymex Gas - July/ Aug )
	Short 30,000 MMBtu's per day of Nymex Gas - Sept
	Short 50,000 MMBtu's per day of Nymex Gas - Q4
	Short 25,000 MMBtu's per day of Nymex Gas - Cal 03

	Portfolio #3.

	Long 500 PJM western hub summers ( July/Aug )
	Long 300 PJM Sept
	Long 500 PJM Q4
	Long 250 PJM Cal 03
	Short 500 NY Zone A summers ( July/Aug )
	Short 300 NY Zone A Sept
	Short 500 NY Zone A Q4
	Short 250 NY Zone A Cal 03

Hi, Ginger it's Rob again, just wondering if you had any luck with my last two pay stubs. Sorry to bother you but the people looking after my work visa need it by tomorrow.

		Thanks, Rob Benson

	Hi Ginger, I need a copy of my last 2 pay stubs in order to get my work visa stuff started. If you could please send me a copy. Thank you very much.

		Robert Benson

Presto,

In the west,

Peak and Off Peak swaps for Mid Columbia, California-Oregon Boarder (COB), NP-15, SP15, and Palo Verde.
We had already built some of these products for EOL earlier this year, but it was only for Palo Verde Delivery point (PEAK).

The other regions would need to be built.

here are the most recent definitions Dow Jones has published for their index.

     

And here are the indices that we receive on a daily basis.
      

 

Hi Rob

Hope you are doing well. What about getting together for drinks after work sometime next week. 

Also, would you be interested in buying my Houstonian membership. The entry fee for new members is $9000, I am ready to sell mine for $6500. Its pretty lavish locker-rooms and facilities. 

Email me or call me 713-802-0560 ( cell 832-723-6363) when you get a chance.

Harry

Hey man,

Drinks sound good, Wed or Thurs would be good for me. I am interested in your Houstonian membership, but are you sure you can sell it to me.

 

 

  _____  

Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Sports <http://sports.yahoo.com/oly> - Coverage of the 2002 Olympic Games

Hi Rob

Just received confirmation that your H1B has been approved.  Fragomen are sending to me the approval notice.  I should therefore receive this tomorrow.  We will therefore transfer you as a Hire to UBSW Energy LLC effective March 1st 2002.

Regards,

Karen.
[Benson, Robert]  

	Great News !!! I'll get all the info to you friday. Thanks for your help.

	John, can you follow up on the new delivery point for Wisconsin Gas.  Is there a better
	procedure with contracts/PLE to ensure we have all new points set up properly for
	operator confirmation.  Thanks. Lynn

 

	Mike, very valid concern.  Do we need to re-look at our procedure?	  Thanks. Lynn	

Gerry, 
This past weekend, specfically September 3rd,  storage injections during the ID2 process were allocated by approximately 130,000 MMBtu. The net storage injections at the end of the allocation was approximately 600,000 MMBtu. However, during the confirmation process certain deliveries, sourced with PNR withdrawals, were not confirmed by the downstream parties. The confirmation process resulted in cuts to PNR withdrawals that allowed net storage injections to be scheduled in excess of the 600,000 MMBtu capacity. The pipeline was able to absorb the extra gas this weekend but in the future NNG may not be as fortunate. 

Is there some way for the system to send out a notice whenever, after all the dust settles and the entire cycle is completed, the net scheduled storage activity exceeds storage capacity by a significant quantity? 

When you get a minute ...lets discuss.   

	FYI.  To keep you guys in the loop.  As we get additional info, I will pass it on.
	Thanks. Lynn

	Drew,

	Grant is putting the finishing touches on the proposed letter to ONEOK explaining the Fisher Roc lock up period of September 12-16 and what we will do to resolve it.  Long and short, we are declaring that this is an "error in the Inlet/Outlet meter formula", rather than a "Btu measurement error," because there was nothing wrong with Northern's chromatograph that caused this problem.  Accordingly, we will not be using the Plant's PTR during the outage period, but rather a formula based on the ratio between the rich inlet and rich outlet volumes for a period of time before and after the outage period, as per 2b.(iv) of the Measurement Agreement.

	I will circulate a draft of the letter to all by e-mail once I get it from Grant.  It is prepared for signature by Ken Cessac.

	Questions:
	
	1.  Who with ETS needs to be on the copy list on this and any future letters regarding measurement errors at Bushton?

	2.  Who at ONEOK (maybe more than one person?) should receive this letter?

	Many thanks for your input.

	Britt

	

	FYI.  Just to keep you guys in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn

Already in TW's Tariff

1.	Dollar valuing.  Need to terminate volumetric OBA's where possible to minimize TW's financial exposure.

Proposed in TW's 637 Filing - Keep

1.	Mandatory cash-out each month (after netting and option to trade).
2.	Definition of 6 indices (vs. 3 in current tariff).
3.	Parties may mutually agree to cash out PNR.  Could probably do today without this language.
4.	Clarification that PNR may be used by Operators.
5.	May use PNR for "auto-balancing".

Proposed in TW's 637 Filing - Could "Trade"

1.	Daily balancing.  Including daily tolerance, daily auto-transfer to PNR & daily pricing.
2.	Smaller tolerance range.  Proposed change from +/- 10% to +/- 5%.

	

    Jean, Glen is still working on my computer.  He should have it done today.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn/Steve -- I wanted to follow-up with you both and make sure your laptops were updated yesterday for the VIRUS protection, and see if you had any issues or problems.   Please let me know if you do.   Thanks.  Jean  

    FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Everyone:
 
Here's the proposed letter to ONEOK regarding the Fisher Roc lock-up period of September 12-16.  I need and would greatly appreciate your immediate input as follows:
 
1.  Please provide any and all substantive and stylistic comments ASAP.  We have absolutely got to have the facts straight, so please don't assume that anyone will catch something that you see that is in error; let me know.  I would like to get this out this afternoon, as Gary Anderson's folks are already inputting the adjusted volumes/Btus that Ken Cessac formulated into the system, and ONEOK will receive that information shortly.  Again, kudos to Ken for his usual excellent job on this.
 
2.  We are missing an "an" in the first sentence, right before the word "incident"; that will be corrected.
 
3.  The letter has been set up for Ken Cessac's signature, but let us know if it should come from someone else.
 
4.  I have the spreadsheet that Ken will attach to the letter.  Using our numbers, the variance is a bit larger during the Fisher Roc outage period, than before or after, based on the Plant PTR numbers we have already been provided for that period (although we don't know if those numbers are final).  Before the outage period, for the month of September (so, September 1-part of  September 12), the average variance was about .5%.  During the outage period, before Ken's adjustment of our numbers (so, part of September 12 through part of September 16), the average variance was 8.2%.  Still staying within the outage period, after Ken's adjustment of our numbers (per the spreadsheet that will be attached to his letter), the average variance is 2.8%.  Since the Fisher Roc was fixed on September 16, we have no Plant PTR numbers, so we can't tell what the variance is yet.  I will separately e-mail a copy of the spreadsheet.
 
5.  Who at ONEOK should receive this letter?  Ken mentioned a new plant accounting-type named Jeff Knight who has provided him with figures.  We could always cc to other ONEOK representatives.  Maybe Kim Hardeman?
 
 6.  As Grant suggested yesterday, and I agree, this letter will not prompt any agreement by ONEOK; in fact, we expect ONEOK to come back with a protest and a demand that we use PTR for this period.  We'll keep you advised.
 
Many thanks.
 
Britt
 
 
 

	Ava, go ahead and take off as long as you have all your move ready to go.  Be sure
	to have someone covering your desk.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I need to take a 1/2 a day vacation on Monday, September 24th to leave at noon and I would come in early that day too and 1/2 a day vacation on Tuesday, September 25th I would be in the office at noon time.  I would like to go to a cousins wedding out of town and I've put it off because of the move but am being harassed by family but if it's not possible that's okay.

Thanks,
Ava

Audrey, its on my calendar.  I am looking forward to the event.  Thanks. Lynn

Because a large number of our invitees had conflicting schedules, we are moving the date of our Appreciation Luncheon for the LAST TIME!!! 

This will be our last attempt to accommodate everyone.  Trust me, the food and games at Jillians will be well worth your patience.

Steve's main objective was to include as many of  ETS' TW Teams as possible.  We feel that Friday,  the 5th of October would better suit the majority of our teams.  

We thank you for your patience and please respond by September 26.    

	 

 
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

 

	Britt, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Ladies & Gentlemen:

Here is the spreadsheet that Ken plants to attach to his letter to ONEOK re the Fisher Roc lock-up period.  If this causes anyone any heartburn, please let me know ASAP.  
Again, I'd like to get out the letter from Ken, with this spreadsheet attached, this afternoon.

Many thanks.

Britt

 << File: Bushton Volume Adjustment.xls >> 

     Britt, to answer #5, Kim Hardman and/or Delaine Kurth may be added to the cc on the letter.  The reason I mention Delaine
    is Jerry Knight (who works for Delaine) is the person that has been calling Robert Benningfield asking for the
    status of the 12 - 16 adjustment.  Thanks. Lynn
Good letter.  One suggestion--our insistence that the meters and the chromatograph "were reliably and accurately . . ." doing their respective things sounds kind of defensive.  In fact, we don't know what they were doing because we have no record of the data they sent to the ROC, right?  Would it be less adversarial to simply say "the ultrasonic meters . . .continued to operate normally. . ." and to say the same for the chromatograph?  We do know that the meters and chromatograph did continue to operate because they had not shut down, right?  Also, I'd like to better understand the formula we're using to alibi the data.  What are "the time periods of normal operation"?  Was that ratio developed from our data from Sep. 1-12?  IF so, why does the formula create such a significant increase in the variance?  Thanks. df
 
 
 ----Original Message-----
Everyone:
 
Here's the proposed letter to ONEOK regarding the Fisher Roc lock-up period of September 12-16.  I need and would greatly appreciate your immediate input as follows:
 
1.  Please provide any and all substantive and stylistic comments ASAP.  We have absolutely got to have the facts straight, so please don't assume that anyone will catch something that you see that is in error; let me know.  I would like to get this out this afternoon, as Gary Anderson's folks are already inputting the adjusted volumes/Btus that Ken Cessac formulated into the system, and ONEOK will receive that information shortly.  Again, kudos to Ken for his usual excellent job on this.
 
2.  We are missing an "an" in the first sentence, right before the word "incident"; that will be corrected.
 
3.  The letter has been set up for Ken Cessac's signature, but let us know if it should come from someone else.
 
4.  I have the spreadsheet that Ken will attach to the letter.  Using our numbers, the variance is a bit larger during the Fisher Roc outage period, than before or after, based on the Plant PTR numbers we have already been provided for that period (although we don't know if those numbers are final).  Before the outage period, for the month of September (so, September 1-part of  September 12), the average variance was about .5%.  During the outage period, before Ken's adjustment of our numbers (so, part of September 12 through part of September 16), the average variance was 8.2%.  Still staying within the outage period, after Ken's adjustment of our numbers (per the spreadsheet that will be attached to his letter), the average variance is 2.8%.  Since the Fisher Roc was fixed on September 16, we have no Plant PTR numbers, so we can't tell what the variance is yet.  I will separately e-mail a copy of the spreadsheet.
 
5.  Who at ONEOK should receive this letter?  Ken mentioned a new plant accounting-type named Jeff Knight who has provided him with figures.  We could always cc to other ONEOK representatives.  Maybe Kim Hardeman?
 
 6.  As Grant suggested yesterday, and I agree, this letter will not prompt any agreement by ONEOK; in fact, we expect ONEOK to come back with a protest and a demand that we use PTR for this period.  We'll keep you advised.
 
Many thanks.
 
Britt
 
 
 

    FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
     Britt, to answer #5, Kim Hardman and/or Delaine Kurth may be added to the cc on the letter.  The reason I mention Delaine
    is Jerry Knight (who works for Delaine) is the person that has been calling Robert Benningfield asking for the
    status of the 12 - 16 adjustment.  Thanks. Lynn
Good letter.  One suggestion--our insistence that the meters and the chromatograph "were reliably and accurately . . ." doing their respective things sounds kind of defensive.  In fact, we don't know what they were doing because we have no record of the data they sent to the ROC, right?  Would it be less adversarial to simply say "the ultrasonic meters . . .continued to operate normally. . ." and to say the same for the chromatograph?  We do know that the meters and chromatograph did continue to operate because they had not shut down, right?  Also, I'd like to better understand the formula we're using to alibi the data.  What are "the time periods of normal operation"?  Was that ratio developed from our data from Sep. 1-12?  IF so, why does the formula create such a significant increase in the variance?  Thanks. df
 
 
 ----Original Message-----
Everyone:
 
Here's the proposed letter to ONEOK regarding the Fisher Roc lock-up period of September 12-16.  I need and would greatly appreciate your immediate input as follows:
 
1.  Please provide any and all substantive and stylistic comments ASAP.  We have absolutely got to have the facts straight, so please don't assume that anyone will catch something that you see that is in error; let me know.  I would like to get this out this afternoon, as Gary Anderson's folks are already inputting the adjusted volumes/Btus that Ken Cessac formulated into the system, and ONEOK will receive that information shortly.  Again, kudos to Ken for his usual excellent job on this.
 
2.  We are missing an "an" in the first sentence, right before the word "incident"; that will be corrected.
 
3.  The letter has been set up for Ken Cessac's signature, but let us know if it should come from someone else.
 
4.  I have the spreadsheet that Ken will attach to the letter.  Using our numbers, the variance is a bit larger during the Fisher Roc outage period, than before or after, based on the Plant PTR numbers we have already been provided for that period (although we don't know if those numbers are final).  Before the outage period, for the month of September (so, September 1-part of  September 12), the average variance was about .5%.  During the outage period, before Ken's adjustment of our numbers (so, part of September 12 through part of September 16), the average variance was 8.2%.  Still staying within the outage period, after Ken's adjustment of our numbers (per the spreadsheet that will be attached to his letter), the average variance is 2.8%.  Since the Fisher Roc was fixed on September 16, we have no Plant PTR numbers, so we can't tell what the variance is yet.  I will separately e-mail a copy of the spreadsheet.
 
5.  Who at ONEOK should receive this letter?  Ken mentioned a new plant accounting-type named Jeff Knight who has provided him with figures.  We could always cc to other ONEOK representatives.  Maybe Kim Hardeman?
 
 6.  As Grant suggested yesterday, and I agree, this letter will not prompt any agreement by ONEOK; in fact, we expect ONEOK to come back with a protest and a demand that we use PTR for this period.  We'll keep you advised.
 
Many thanks.
 
Britt
 
 
 

	Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this
	helps simplify our answer to your question.  

	The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not
	double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract
	from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)

	For Nominating purposes:

	MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. 
	Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.

	Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.

	EXAMPLE:

	If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the
	contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper
	will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be 
	overrun at IT rate.

	If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	

	Steve and Audrey, thank you so much for the invitation, but I will be at the
	NNG Customer meeting in Kansas City otherwise I would plan on attending.
	Have a great time.  Thanks. Lynn

Please be informed, because a large number of our invitees had conflicting schedules, we are moving the date of our Appreciation Luncheon.  Steve's main objective was to include as many of  ETS' TW Teams as possible.  To achieve this effort, the luncheon will be moved to a date and time which does not conflict with activities within ETS.  

As soon as we confirm our date, we will notify you via email.

Thanks in advance for your patience and understanding.

adr

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

Steve Harris would like to let you know that your hard work during the past few months has been sincerely appreciated.

A "Thank You Luncheon" has been scheduled to express this appreciation.  Please mark your calendars to attend a luncheon on Friday, September 7, 2001, from 11:30a - 3:00p at Jillian's, 7620 Katy Freeway.

We hope that each of you will be able to share this time with Steve and the TW Commercial Group.

Please RSVP to me by Friday, August 31. 
  

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

	Is the volume at the inlet and outlet of Bushton factored into any MDQ total?  Gerry
	if you are not the person to help us on this, please let me know who.  Also in talking
	with Mary Darveaux she said if you use the same contract at the inlet and outlet of
	Bushton, you DO double your MDQ.  Therefore, if you have 10,000 MDQ you can 
	only nominate 5,000 to inlet and 5,000 at outlet.  

	Gerry, can we run a quick report to see if there are any contracts that are identical
	on the inlet and outlet of Bushton?   If she is right, then we have NOT had anyone
	nominate on the same contract.  If I have confused you, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

So when a shipper is required (because of the producer's processing rights) to nominate from their primary receipt point to Bushton Inlet and then from the Bushton Outlet to Demarc, is that treated as one nomination from a receipt to a delivery OR is that treated as two nominations on the same contract with one receipt at their primary receipt point and another receipt at the Bushton Outlet thus exceeding the contract MDQ sending the shipper into overrun (assuming the shipper was nominating the entire MDQ throughout the path)?

Didn't we also have a situation where shippers were going from a receipt point to Demarc and not going through Bushton when they were supposed to--or maybe it was that shippers were going from Bushton Outlet to Demarc and not getting charged fuel when they weren't supposed to be able to do that transaction--I just remember something happening not too long ago.

Thanks for the help with these questions.
Ranelle

	Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this
	helps simplify our answer to your question.  

	The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not
	double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract
	from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)

	For Nominating purposes:

	MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. 
	Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.

	Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.

	EXAMPLE:

	If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the
	contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper
	will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be 
	overrun at IT rate.

	If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	

	Richard, can you check this out for me.  Did the team drop the ball on this one?
	Thanks. Lynn

FYI - In working to load rates for the FERC California reporting requirements, it appears that for the last four months Duke Energy T & M contract #27291 has not been billed the incremental fee of $0.06/dth for alternate deliveries to the Cal Border (over and above the base discount negotiated for the contracted primary points).

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
Elizabeth
x3-6928

	We need to discuss ASAP this morning.  Legale, would you be available at 8:30?  We
	can meet in my office.  Gerry, sounds like Legale is who we were looking for.  You are
	welcome to set in, but not necessary.  Thanks. Lynn

Gerry/Lynn:

Yes, the volume nominated to the inlet/from the outlet is factored into a firm contracts MDQ total.   

At a high-level,  there should be no special MDQ-related coding at Bushton inlet/outlet that causes an override (per se) of a contract's MDQ allowing shippers to "double" their contract MDQ. 

I did a preliminary check (using model office) to confirm coding logic at the nomination level......looking at K#6425 (BP Energy) that has a total contract MDQ of 20,835 MMbtu.   When nominating above the 20,835 K# MDQ; you can only nominate to inlet/from outlet up to the contract's MDQ utilizing transaction type 01 (current business).  Any additional vols. nominated above the contract MDQ must then be nominated as transaction type 02 (overrun).  

We do have shippers that nom in to & out of the plant on the same contract... .....initial research indicated there are contracts that are identical on the inlet and outlet of Bushton; i.e., same contract nominating to inlet is the same contract picking up the gas at the outlet.    The IT Group ; however, could run a quick report to check/confirm this.  

Hope I answered your questions......  

Legale

Legale can you follow up on this item, I am not sure about this.  Thanks.

	Is the volume at the inlet and outlet of Bushton factored into any MDQ total?  Gerry
	if you are not the person to help us on this, please let me know who.  Also in talking
	with Mary Darveaux she said if you use the same contract at the inlet and outlet of
	Bushton, you DO double your MDQ.  Therefore, if you have 10,000 MDQ you can 
	only nominate 5,000 to inlet and 5,000 at outlet.  

	Gerry, can we run a quick report to see if there are any contracts that are identical
	on the inlet and outlet of Bushton?   If she is right, then we have NOT had anyone
	nominate on the same contract.  If I have confused you, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

So when a shipper is required (because of the producer's processing rights) to nominate from their primary receipt point to Bushton Inlet and then from the Bushton Outlet to Demarc, is that treated as one nomination from a receipt to a delivery OR is that treated as two nominations on the same contract with one receipt at their primary receipt point and another receipt at the Bushton Outlet thus exceeding the contract MDQ sending the shipper into overrun (assuming the shipper was nominating the entire MDQ throughout the path)?

Didn't we also have a situation where shippers were going from a receipt point to Demarc and not going through Bushton when they were supposed to--or maybe it was that shippers were going from Bushton Outlet to Demarc and not getting charged fuel when they weren't supposed to be able to do that transaction--I just remember something happening not too long ago.

Thanks for the help with these questions.
Ranelle

	Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this
	helps simplify our answer to your question.  

	The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not
	double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract
	from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)

	For Nominating purposes:

	MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. 
	Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.

	Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.

	EXAMPLE:

	If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the
	contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper
	will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be 
	overrun at IT rate.

	If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	

	FYI.  Are you guys up to speed on this?  Thanks. Lynn

Here is the final memo that Chris Sebesta sent this week.  Please forward on to the appropriate staff in your group.

 

	Robert, is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement?  Thanks. Lynn

The following topics were discussed at the meeting:

		1. January 2001 PPA for Reservation Charges for $521,000.  (requires research)

		2.  Duke is reconciling their books on OBA #21047, to be completed by November 2001.

		3. Research July 2001 imbalance on contract 105014 (Pooling).

		4.  We agreed to meet quarterly to identify any disputed items.

Thanks

Robert
	

	
	Shelley, things were quite on NNG and TW overall for the weekend.

	For all three pipes the reps had to go through RAZ to get into TMS on Saturday morning.
	Although, the customers were able to get in OK, but the system was slow.  System was fixed by 11:30 a.m. 
	Saturday morning.

	On TW - For Gallop Darrell has sent you an update.

	Overall for TW the prices for the east are not covering variables to go west, therefore
	most of the gas is staying in the east market.

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Bob, can you resend this to me.  I cannot open the file.  Thanks. Lynn

Please review my suggestions and get back to me with any further suggestions.  Thanks...

Attached please find a draft letter to Hibbing explaining to them why Northern has the right to limit takes at a TBS and why Northern will require them to pay for the TBS upgrade so that they can take more.  Bob would like to send this out on Monday, so can I please have your comments as soon as possible on Monday.  Thanks, Dari

 << File: hibbing.doc >> 

Gerry/Lynn:

Yes, the volume nominated to the inlet/from the outlet is factored into a firm contracts MDQ total.   

At a high-level,  there should be no special MDQ-related coding at Bushton inlet/outlet that causes an override (per se) of a contract's MDQ allowing shippers to "double" their contract MDQ. 

I did a preliminary check (using model office) to confirm coding logic at the nomination level......looking at K#6425 (BP Energy) that has a total contract MDQ of 20,835 MMbtu.   When nominating above the 20,835 K# MDQ; you can only nominate to inlet/from outlet up to the contract's MDQ utilizing transaction type 01 (current business).  Any additional vols. nominated above the contract MDQ must then be nominated as transaction type 02 (overrun).  

We do have shippers that nom in to & out of the plant on the same contract... .....initial research indicated there are contracts that are identical on the inlet and outlet of Bushton; i.e., same contract nominating to inlet is the same contract picking up the gas at the outlet.    The IT Group ; however, could run a quick report to check/confirm this.  

Hope I answered your questions......  

Legale

Legale can you follow up on this item, I am not sure about this.  Thanks.

	Is the volume at the inlet and outlet of Bushton factored into any MDQ total?  Gerry
	if you are not the person to help us on this, please let me know who.  Also in talking
	with Mary Darveaux she said if you use the same contract at the inlet and outlet of
	Bushton, you DO double your MDQ.  Therefore, if you have 10,000 MDQ you can 
	only nominate 5,000 to inlet and 5,000 at outlet.  

	Gerry, can we run a quick report to see if there are any contracts that are identical
	on the inlet and outlet of Bushton?   If she is right, then we have NOT had anyone
	nominate on the same contract.  If I have confused you, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

So when a shipper is required (because of the producer's processing rights) to nominate from their primary receipt point to Bushton Inlet and then from the Bushton Outlet to Demarc, is that treated as one nomination from a receipt to a delivery OR is that treated as two nominations on the same contract with one receipt at their primary receipt point and another receipt at the Bushton Outlet thus exceeding the contract MDQ sending the shipper into overrun (assuming the shipper was nominating the entire MDQ throughout the path)?

Didn't we also have a situation where shippers were going from a receipt point to Demarc and not going through Bushton when they were supposed to--or maybe it was that shippers were going from Bushton Outlet to Demarc and not getting charged fuel when they weren't supposed to be able to do that transaction--I just remember something happening not too long ago.

Thanks for the help with these questions.
Ranelle

	Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this
	helps simplify our answer to your question.  

	The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not
	double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract
	from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)

	For Nominating purposes:

	MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. 
	Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.

	Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.

	EXAMPLE:

	If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the
	contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper
	will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be 
	overrun at IT rate.

	If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	

	John, Ava is gone until tomorrow afternoon.  See if Sharon or Alma can help out.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn has requested a meeting with Vernon Mercaldo, John Buchanan, and herself for sometime Tuesday Sept. 25th. concerning Demarc.
Please send an invitation, it will be held in Lynn' s office.

Thank: John Buchanan

	Vernon, October 4th works for me.  John I think you are gone, so we need
	to involve Terry in this.  I am very open Thursday or Friday for a pre meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 

The conference call to go over the Demarc Allocation has been scheduled for 2:30 Central time on Thursday, October 4th.  Please let me know ASAP if you cannot attend.

Lynn, 

Greg will be very interested in how Trailblazer is affected by the Demarc allocation.  We need to get together for a prep meeting prior to Thursday, 10/4.  Let me know when you are available for this.

Thanks!

	Please put on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

Please plan on attending the manual scheduling meeting on Sept. 14th, 2:30 pm to 3:30 pm, room EB 4194. This meeting will cover the months of July and August.

 

	Ava, please code them as personal time with pay.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava,  How should I code the days (17-20) that I could not get back due to the flight restrictions. 

Thanks,
Jean

Please have your timesheet turned in by Friday, September 28th.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(30).doc >> 

	Ava, I was working 1 - 15th.  Thanks. Lynn

Please have your timesheet turned in by Friday, September 28th.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(30).doc >> 

	Team, I realize this rate change is done in Marketing.  But, you have a responsibility
	to review the invoice to ensure that the adjustment to the price has been made if
	there is alternate deliveries.  Let's be proactive to ensure we have accurate billing.
	If you have any questions, please let me know.  

This adjustment will result in approximately $7800 in additional revenues.  

One way to prevent this situation in the future would be for the rep and or myself to ensure that Duke's rate has been increased when they have alternate deliveries to the border.   If these alternate deliveries exist and the rate has not been increased then the rep needs to bring this situation to the attention of the marketer.

FYI - In working to load rates for the FERC California reporting requirements, it appears that for the last four months Duke Energy T & M contract #27291 has not been billed the incremental fee of $0.06/dth for alternate deliveries to the Cal Border (over and above the base discount negotiated for the contracted primary points).

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
Elizabeth
x3-6928

	Raetta and Robert, let's talk about some kind of closure on these resolutions.
	Can we talk tomorrow at 1:30 in my office?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn

There is not a written agreement.

Robert

	Robert, is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement?  Thanks. Lynn

The following topics were discussed at the meeting:

		1. January 2001 PPA for Reservation Charges for $521,000.  (requires research)

		2.  Duke is reconciling their books on OBA #21047, to be completed by November 2001.

		3. Research July 2001 imbalance on contract 105014 (Pooling).

		4.  We agreed to meet quarterly to identify any disputed items.

Thanks

Robert
	

	It's on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Let's meet for the pre meeting at 1:30 PM on Friday 9/28 in your office.

Jo,

Let me know if you want to attend.

	Vernon, October 4th works for me.  John I think you are gone, so we need
	to involve Terry in this.  I am very open Thursday or Friday for a pre meeting.  Thanks. Lynn 

The conference call to go over the Demarc Allocation has been scheduled for 2:30 Central time on Thursday, October 4th.  Please let me know ASAP if you cannot attend.

Lynn, 

Greg will be very interested in how Trailblazer is affected by the Demarc allocation.  We need to get together for a prep meeting prior to Thursday, 10/4.  Let me know when you are available for this.

Thanks!

Ava, please update my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn
Beginning this week and thereafter, TMS Wkly Update Meetings are moving to 3907, same time (1:30pm).  Please make this change to your itineraries.
 
Alma
36503
 
 

	Due to all the moves this week, we are canceling the staff meeting this afternoon.

	We will have a regular meeting next week.  Thanks. Lynn

	Raetta can not meeting today.  How about Thursday at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn

	Raetta and Robert, let's talk about some kind of closure on these resolutions.
	Can we talk tomorrow at 1:30 in my office?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn

There is not a written agreement.

Robert

	Robert, is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement?  Thanks. Lynn

The following topics were discussed at the meeting:

		1. January 2001 PPA for Reservation Charges for $521,000.  (requires research)

		2.  Duke is reconciling their books on OBA #21047, to be completed by November 2001.

		3. Research July 2001 imbalance on contract 105014 (Pooling).

		4.  We agreed to meet quarterly to identify any disputed items.

Thanks

Robert
	

	Mike, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

I want to clarify the problem. In researching the problem I found that the rate retrieved for PnR was slightly higher than the rate retrieved for FDD Overrun. In our discussions with Bill Anderson, we focused  on how this impacted the contract he asked us to review. Bottom line is in storage allocations, the LSP -Whitewater overrun activity should have received a greater portion of the available injection capacity.
The IT group is correcting the problem. The 7.61 cent PnR rate will be hard coded in the allocation program this afternoon as interim fix until the proper system modifications are ready.   
 

Hello,

Mike Bodnar and I called Bill Anderson at US Energy today regarding his complaints about the storage allocation process.  Bill has claimed that LS Power is being allocated down to zero on days when he should be receiving a pro-rata share of the overrun injections on any given day throughout the summer.  

Mike found out that LS Power - Whitewater was being incorrectly allocated down to zero on certain days throughout the summer due to the system pointing to an incorrect (discounted) overrun rate for the storage account of LS Power - Whitewater.  LS Power was being charged the full, non-discounted overrun rate on their FDD contract.  

US Energy will undoubtedly want to negotiate a settlement of some sort, since they believe this has been an issue since 6/1/01.   

I believe we need to do the following:

1 - Determine if the other LS Power plant (Cottage Grove) was also affected by this system error.
2 - Determine the date that the incorrect rate took affect.
3 - Determine how LS Power overrun injections throughout this summer were affected by this, since 6/1/01.
4 - Determine a fair and equitable solution to this issue (as of 6/1/01) to present to the customer within three weeks.

I will set up a video meeting as soon as possible with regards to this issue.

Tim Johanson
      

	Tim, I would like for us to discuss this issue. Normally we do not "settle" on these
	type of issues.  I want to be consistent with how we have treated other shippers when
	we have found errors in the system.  Doesn't mean we can't do a settlement,  we just
	don't want it to back fire on us. 

	Ava, please set up some time on Thursday for Tim, Mike, Bob, Sue and I to visit.

	Thanks. Lynn
	
I want to clarify the problem. In researching the problem I found that the rate retrieved for PnR was slightly higher than the rate retrieved for FDD Overrun. In our discussions with Bill Anderson, we focused  on how this impacted the contract he asked us to review. Bottom line is in storage allocations, the LSP -Whitewater overrun activity should have received a greater portion of the available injection capacity.
The IT group is correcting the problem. The 7.61 cent PnR rate will be hard coded in the allocation program this afternoon as interim fix until the proper system modifications are ready.   
 

Hello,

Mike Bodnar and I called Bill Anderson at US Energy today regarding his complaints about the storage allocation process.  Bill has claimed that LS Power is being allocated down to zero on days when he should be receiving a pro-rata share of the overrun injections on any given day throughout the summer.  

Mike found out that LS Power - Whitewater was being incorrectly allocated down to zero on certain days throughout the summer due to the system pointing to an incorrect (discounted) overrun rate for the storage account of LS Power - Whitewater.  LS Power was being charged the full, non-discounted overrun rate on their FDD contract.  

US Energy will undoubtedly want to negotiate a settlement of some sort, since they believe this has been an issue since 6/1/01.   

I believe we need to do the following:

1 - Determine if the other LS Power plant (Cottage Grove) was also affected by this system error.
2 - Determine the date that the incorrect rate took affect.
3 - Determine how LS Power overrun injections throughout this summer were affected by this, since 6/1/01.
4 - Determine a fair and equitable solution to this issue (as of 6/1/01) to present to the customer within three weeks.

I will set up a video meeting as soon as possible with regards to this issue.

Tim Johanson
      

	Ava, would you please check with Joe on the problems with lights and air conditioning per the
	attached memo.  Do we need to call security for anything?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached are the weekend notes:

 

Renee Perry

	Gina, let's do lunch and I'll answer all your questions.  Are you available Wed. or Thursday?  Thanks. Lynn

How's it going down there?  Did ya'll get moved?  What's the mood since the re-org has been announced?  Is this a good thing?

Inquiring minds want to know.....

Gina

	Randy, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted.  If I need to make a phone
	call, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

I received the Payment Detail for the $458,007.57 from Beverly Kaiser as she promised.  I have not seen a wire receipt statement or any payments on SAP as yet.

Randy

	Coffee on Thursday sounds great.  Just give me a call.  Have a great day with your Mom.  Thanks. Lynn

Hey Lynn!  Lunch sounds great.  However, I'm off tomorrow - I'm going on a little retreat with my mom.  And then on Thursday, I'm having lunch with my new boss!  Maybe we could grab a coffee on Thursday afternoon.  I'll call you.  I hope you're not feeling the pain!

Gina

	Gina, let's do lunch and I'll answer all your questions.  Are you available Wed. or Thursday?  Thanks. Lynn

How's it going down there?  Did ya'll get moved?  What's the mood since the re-org has been announced?  Is this a good thing?

Inquiring minds want to know.....

Gina

	Britt, I scheduled a meeting per Drew's request with my team that deals with the
	Bushton area.  Drew is going to review with them how we need to be careful about
	using the term "PTR calculation" for measurement error adjustments.  We thought
	it would be good for you to attend as well.  I want the team to understand how
	important it is that they are communicating accurately when talking about Bushton
	issues.  Hopefully you can attend.  Although I think the meeting may be scheduled
	to 10:00 a.m. instead of 9:30.  Hopefully that works for you.  Thanks. Lynn

	Lynn

	Did you schedule a meeting for October 1? Can you tell me what it is about?

	Britt

	John, we look into this for another party at one time?  Do you recall what 
	all would be necessary to accomodate this request?  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley/Lynn

As you know, we are getting fairly close to an understanding with Williams regarding NNG's MOPS assets.  As we continue to negotiate the PSA, one item has come up that we need your help with.  Williams has requested that we enter into an Operating Agreement with them to assure a continuity of service for the MOPS shippers.  They are concerned that the period of time from closing to them being able to incorporating the administrative functions into their back office systems may be disruptive.  They would like for us to continue to schedule the pipe, take the nominations, post information on the Bulletin Board, even submit invoices to the shippers, confirm with upstream and downstream parties, etc.... while they adapt their systems to these new assets.

I am assuming that once we close, we can no longer do these functions as NNG, but  would be acting as their agent.  It is still unclear which Williams entity will be acquiring the assets, so we still don't know which Tariff we would be working with. Can our systems segregate this administrative function from the rest of NNG to allow us to perform for a third party?  I don't anticipate more than a six month period of us performing these duties.  We will also need to develop a fee structure to assure all or expenses are recouped, and then add a reasonable surcharge (maybe 15%?).

They will also require Operational support, but the current contract between NNG and Enron Operations will be assigned to them.  

Thanks for your help.

Bob

    Ava has willingly taken on this task.  So she will be the point person
    going forward.  Thanks. Lynn

I believe it should be Ava, Sharon or Ricki since they will be located on 42.  Pilar and Linda are the marketing assistants on 42.
 
Any other thoughts?
 
Rick,
Since Maria Perales was the point person to schedule 42C2 and has since moved to 3AllenCenter, who will be the new contact person to schedule 42C2?  This information is posted in the intranet (see link below).  Market Services and Marketing assistants have access to it.
Alma
36503
 
<http://home.enron.com:84/epco/EBCR.xls>

	Good job in getting this done.  How are we coming with the other operators?  With us moving
	forward for Shirley to work from home, emails will be much better than faxes.  Thanks. Lynn

Great Lakes is now e:mailing their daily confirmation sheets instead of faxing them.  The e:mail address for them that appears is:  oracle@glgt.com  GL Connect Reports
Karen A. Clapper
Enron Gas Logistics - NNG
karen.clapper@enron.com
Ph:  713-853-6735
Fx:  713-646-8000

Gary, thank you for your help. I guess Ricki was having quite a time.  Thanks. Lynn

Security, Everyone on the attached list will require after hours access to the common areas on EB39 and EB42. Please configure their access for both floors and then confirm back to us when completed.
 
Thanks, Gary

Gary, the attached is a list of the Gas Logistics department that will require access into the common areas of the 39th and 42nd floors 24 hours, 7 days a week.
 
On the bottom left side of this document you will see Josh/Pager listed which you can disreguard because he is listed under Rick Dietz group.
 
Thanks for your help!!!!
Ricki Winters 
Assistant to Shelley Corman 
ETS Gas Logistics 
(713) 853-5754 
ECN4107 

 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
 

Here is the Transwestern Commercial team's account distribution list.  Please distribute as necessary.  Thanks.

	Gerry, do you have some time tomorrow, Thursday, that you, Terry, John and I can set
	down and review what you have a put a "blurb" together to send to the customers.
	I am open 10:00 to 11:00 or anytime after 2:00.  Thanks. Lynn

We do have some type of documentation regarding the storage allocations, pool allocation concerns, and on the final am cycle cuts.  I am not sure how Lynn would like to proceed with these items to our customers.

Lynn/Gerry:

Shelley requested that as part of the communication back to NNG customers, we provide and initial list of FAQ's or Q+A's.  

The following questions are "possibles" to answer for the FAQ area within HotTap?  

Why are there cuts on the final AM cycle that were not there for ID2?  

How does NNG allocate through the pools during a point allocation?
  
Does TMS look through the pools to the take away contract?

Storage allocations - I cannot find a specific question  

Measurement Desk - Provide contact name, phone and e-mail.

How would you like to proceed?

Brad     

	Amy, we still have Julia White on the attached form.  Can you work with
	Terry to remove Julia's name and add Shelley's?  Thanks. Lynn

Please see the attached notes regarding Transwestern's Weekend Activities:

 << File: Sep.01.xls >> 

Thanks,
Amy

	John, I talked with Donna and got back with Bob Burleson.  Let's see what his
	answer is and then I may have you and Donna work on this one.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
All of our agent roles in the past have been to act as agent on NNG or TW for a customer not take nominations or do accounting as a third party pipe. TMS could probably be split out to take care of the nominations and confirmations but who's Tariff rules would it follow? if theirs TMS would have to be programmed for them, we would also need to duplicate a web site for postings. Confirmations up and down stream would not be much of a problem. Do you want IT to work up an estimate for the work and a timeline? I will talk to Donna about the fee associated with this role; she handled the Calpine agreement for TW which was different from the Northwest agreement. 
Let me know if you want me to procede.

John Buchanan
	John, we look into this for another party at one time?  Do you recall what 
	all would be necessary to accomodate this request?  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley/Lynn

As you know, we are getting fairly close to an understanding with Williams regarding NNG's MOPS assets.  As we continue to negotiate the PSA, one item has come up that we need your help with.  Williams has requested that we enter into an Operating Agreement with them to assure a continuity of service for the MOPS shippers.  They are concerned that the period of time from closing to them being able to incorporating the administrative functions into their back office systems may be disruptive.  They would like for us to continue to schedule the pipe, take the nominations, post information on the Bulletin Board, even submit invoices to the shippers, confirm with upstream and downstream parties, etc.... while they adapt their systems to these new assets.

I am assuming that once we close, we can no longer do these functions as NNG, but  would be acting as their agent.  It is still unclear which Williams entity will be acquiring the assets, so we still don't know which Tariff we would be working with. Can our systems segregate this administrative function from the rest of NNG to allow us to perform for a third party?  I don't anticipate more than a six month period of us performing these duties.  We will also need to develop a fee structure to assure all or expenses are recouped, and then add a reasonable surcharge (maybe 15%?).

They will also require Operational support, but the current contract between NNG and Enron Operations will be assigned to them.  

Thanks for your help.

Bob

	Nancy, good job.  Keep up the good work.  See if you can get the rest of your team
	to follow suit with their interconnects.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Nancy Callans is the one that got Great Lakes to start e:mailing the confirmations.  I just sent the e:mail to all the reps.

	Good job in getting this done.  How are we coming with the other operators?  With us moving
	forward for Shirley to work from home, emails will be much better than faxes.  Thanks. Lynn

Great Lakes is now e:mailing their daily confirmation sheets instead of faxing them.  The e:mail address for them that appears is:  oracle@glgt.com  GL Connect Reports
Karen A. Clapper
Enron Gas Logistics - NNG
karen.clapper@enron.com
Ph:  713-853-6735
Fx:  713-646-8000

	FYI.  John I think you are gone.  But Terry, thought you might be interested.
	I am planning on attending.  Thanks. Lynn

I would like at host a meeting to discuss new small volume delivery points in the field.  The Business Development group has at least three requests from different entities for new delivery points.  The issues to be discussed at the meeting include type of measurement to be installed at the point, applicability of DDVCs. balancing, OBAs and a host of other issues.  These small volume points take an extraordinary amount of time for many departments and produce a very small amount of revenue for ETS.  Anything that can be done to simplify the process would be a cost benefit to ETS.  

The meeting details are as follows:

	Day			Wednesday
	Date			October 10, 2001
	Time 			3:00 P.M.
	Location		Houston EB 42C2   (relocation of the video conference facilities)
				Omaha 696

I look forward to receiving your input at the meeting.  Please free to forward this meeting notice to anyone you think would like to be involved in this process that I have missed.  Thanks

				Penny McCarran

	Since Robert is working evenings, who has the lead to get the daily Oneok
	reports out?

	Thanks. Lynn

	terry, I am not sure understand the discrepancies on numbers in teh #4 file.  Let's discuss.
	Thanks. Lynn

Please review the spreadsheets attached.  These are my notes associated with any outstanding items requiring final review/approval:

Item 1 - I have received the remainder of outstanding rates from TK and populated into the PDT records.  TK/Lindy, please provide email if corrections are necessary.
Item 3 - After discussions with Lynn, we chose to round up Daily Max Flowing Capacity for gas days 8/1 and 8/3 (both from 1,092,956 to 1,093,000) so this would not raise questions or require footnote explanations.  I have also updated the footnotes and comments provided by Terry/Darrell/Lynn and populated accordingly into PDS and PFS.
Item 4 - I compared the daily scheduled volumes by California delivery point provided under RP00-241-000 (CPUC vs El Paso) SCE-7 against the volumes extracted from TMS and highlighted the nine records having discrepancies, where the data to the right of the matrix is the amount reported in the prior request.  I would recommend that we adjust to the previously reported volumes.  I was not able to extract the website operational capacity volumes for each point in the West of Thoreau area; however, I did verify that the monthly Total Scheduled System Volume (PDSM) less the monthly Total Scheduled Volume at each California Point (PPSM) equaled the usage volumes billed to all customers delivering to East of California delivery points.

Provide comments to the entire distribution list in this email no later than Thursday at 1pm.  

Omaha - I will separate each tab and save as a separate Excel file using the file name convention as defined by the FERC.  I believe we need to provide both a hardcopy and a CD.  Is the current Excel format with headers acceptable for the hardcopy version?   Additionally, do I need to delete the headers for the electronic files on CD?  Unless otherwise instructed, I will email the final version of all four files for final disposition by Regulatory in Omaha no later than 3pm.  Please advise if there is anything else needed from Houston.

	 

Thanks,
Elizabeth

	Looks good to me.  Are we going to put this letter in the reservation invoice
	packet?  Also, would we want to post the letter anywhere on the web?  Just
	a thought?  Thanks. Lynn

 << File: Reservation_NNGFlwgGasletter_1001011.doc >> 

Please review and provide comments.  

Brad

	Scott, I appreicate your feedback and closure on these items.  It helps us to build
	that confidence that the systems are working correctly instead of being left in
	"limbo" and coming up with your own conclusions.  Thanks. Lynn

All,

Recent events have had us reporting virus outbreaks and outages which have impacted business and communications.  With these incidents, we have had several meetings to discuss communications in times of crisis to ensure consistent, validated content and appropriate mediums to use for that content.  All to ensure everyone impacted is notified timely with accurate status.

Since Friday (09/21), there have been three (3) incidents that have confronted our environment which did not impact our business due to our fault tolerance, pro-active measures and relationship with Enron Networks.  All of these incidents could have had a serious impact to our business, so I thought it important to communicate these incidents and how they were handled which prevented any business impact.

09/24 - 25:  W32.Vote.A@mm virus
Working with Enron Networks, we were able to patch all servers and workstations in ETS Houston and Omaha, ETS Field Operations, Azurix and EOTT.  Below is a URL which conveys the damage potential this virus has which we avoided.  Teams had to work through the night, but the end result was no business impact.

http://securityresponse.symantec.com/avcenter/venc/data/w32.vote.a@mm.html

09/22:  Power hit at Ardmore Data Center Facility

During the morning of Saturday, lighting struck near the Ardmore data center facility knocking out all power.  The battery backup systems assumed the system load while the generators came on-line.  The Ardmore facility ran on generators through the day until power was re-established with Reliant.  ETS' production SAN and the majority of our production database servers reside at Ardmore.  No systems were affected.

09/21 SAN Drive Errors

On Friday morning, one of the production drives on our Hitachi SAN reported drive errors.  The SAN phoned home for support, a support technician was dispatched and the drive reporting errors was replaced within 1 hour, 20 minutes.  Upon the detection of drive errors, the SAN engaged an on-line hot spare as a replacement which assumed the function of the drive with errors.  The drive was replaced, data replicated back over, and we were back live in our original configuration.  It is important to note that new devices have an infant mortality rate for initial errors detected after shipping.  This rate usually occurs within 60 days of production go-live.  Impact to the business:  None.

These are 3 examples where our infrastructure withstood incidents.  I believe this communication is just as important as the communication we all desire in times of crisis.

Thanks,
-Scott.

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Kermit has discovered a underground gas leak some where inside the plant yard. They will be digging up yard piping to try and fing the leak. Darrell will call in this afternoon to give us an update as to how long they think they may be down. So until repairs are made Kermit will be unavailable. A posting was put out showing to be down till Oct. 1st. The only point that this affects is Jal Sid Richardson and you will not be able to flow gas from Hobbs to Jal.

    FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
I'm O.K. with this.  Moving forward, are there any other open A/R such as this under $50,000 that we need to be aware of? Is there a report that tracks A/R that are under $50,000 that Marketing can look at?  -Mike

Mike/Diana:
 
I agree with the proposal to write off $14,386.70 based on the fact that the customer made payment and it was not properly accounted for on Northern's records. 
 
Karen

FYI
Mike, per our phone conversation, I am sending you a copy of Town of Waukee A/R spreadsheet and an approval to write off the old outstanding A/R issues.

thks

Diana June Porter

Northern Natural Gas 

713-853-6153
 

	Raetta, this is what prompted my questions about finalizing resolution.  Thanks Lynn

The following topics were discussed at the meeting:

		1. January 2001 PPA for Reservation Charges for $521,000.  (requires research)

		2.  Duke is reconciling their books on OBA #21047, to be completed by November 2001.

		3. Research July 2001 imbalance on contract 105014 (Pooling).

		4.  We agreed to meet quarterly to identify any disputed items.

Thanks

Robert
	

    John is out of the office until Wednesday.  He sent me this list
    of topics he caught in the second break out session.  Thought I
    would go ahead and pass them on to you.  Thanks. Lynn
I have no names for the questions or statements.
 
1. NSP wants to be set up for Confirmation by Exception.
2. Improve how soon we post system problems and include EDI customers.
3. Storage allocation should show injection or withdraw allocation in the Batch Schedule Status screen.
4. Provide Scheduled Quantities reports by date range in a format for downloading in to Access database. 
5. GAS in Place is a moving capacity target, needs to be a 24hr number.
6. Cut notice should include the cut code.
7. Previous cycle cut codes do not show up on the final report.
8. Improve phone coverage from 7:30am until noon by CSR.
9. 8am Gas Control meeting interfeers with phone coverage, we should make sure to minimize how many reps. attend the meeting so phones are covered. Customers like assigned CSR.
10. Customers said cut notices are getting out consistantly.Customers would like cut notice by LE. 
11. When are measured volumes final? Water vapor factor is figured at month end and customers should include in there montly calcualtion.
 

	FYI Thanks. Lynn

Harassment Avoidance Training

To contribute our personal best at Enron, our conduct must promote respectful and co-operative work relationships.  Workplace harassment conflicts with Enron's vision and values and violates Company policy.  Harassment also can violate federal and state laws.  By understanding what harassment is and its potential harm, we can prevent it in our workplace.

During this training you will:
Be able to recognize harassment
Learn to take precautions against being harassed
Learn to avoid being considered a harasser
Know how to address a situation involving harassment
Learn how harassment prevention is consistent with Enron Values

Go to <http://elm.enron.com> to sign up for the session of your choice.  Harassment Avoidance is listed in the Compliance Category.  If you have problems registering or have any questions, please call 713-853-0357.

The date and times available for sessions are:

Day	Date	Session I	Session II	Session III	
Wednesday	Sept 19	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Sept 26	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Tuesday	Oct 2	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Oct 3	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Thursday	Oct 4	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	

All training sessions will be held in the LaSalle Room at the Double Tree hotel.  There is a $50 charge for each enrollee/attendee in the training session.

This training is mandatory for all Enron employees.  However, those who have already attended the Enron harassment avoidance training will be offered a refresher course at a later date.

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Dave heard back from Terry Spencer of OneOk today that OneOk has changed its position on a couple of key issues.  First, Terry indicated that OneOk now agrees that the arbitration award is not limited in effect to just the past period.  They agree that the award interprets the measurement agreement, and that the interpretation is not limited to just the retroactive effect.  It is not clear how broad they think the prospective effect of the award is, but any change is significant on this issue.  Second, Terry indicated that OneOk is very likely to ask for a special test of the meters as a way of resolving the April-May issue, and, implicitly, the issue of whether the meters are OK going forward. This is also a big change, as OneOk has refused to call a special test since the initial demand letter we sent them last Fall.  

Spencer indicated OneOk was drafting a letter that would clarify their position.  In light of that, and of the apparent progress Dave made, Stan has agreed we should hold off on the demand letter until we see their letter.  Once Dave gets it, we'll all take a look and decide the next step.  Thanks.  DF  

  

	Attached is our first pass at some questions and answers to post to the WEB based on
	discussions at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting.  Please review and let me know if you feel there
	needs to be more "in depth" answers to these questions.    Or are there additional questions
	that you feel need to be added.

		 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

>  
> >  -----Original Message-----

	Ava, FYI.  Has Alma been working with you on this?  Thanks. Lynn

Pamela,
I have 6 electronic tickets that were issued for travel on Continental on
September 26 through the 28th, 2001.  These travelers were to attend the
Southern Gas Association (SGA) Energy Accounting and Marketing Services
Conference in New Orleans.  Due to the Terrorist attacks, the conference was
cancelled.  I realize the date 9/26/01 falls outside the deadline for
allowing re-issuance of tickets with non-refundable fares without penalty or
administrative fee.  However, these Enron employees have asked me to
approach Continental on their behalf and request that their tickets be
re-issued to attend the conference on its rescheduled dates (January 16-18,
2002) without penalty.  I will be happy to supply a copy of the
cancellation/reschedule notice sent out by conference director, or any other
supporting documentation that might suffice.

The six travelers/ticket numbers/prices are as follows:
BLAIR/GRACE LYNN / 005-7033562204 / $136.30
CALLANS/NANCY / 005-7033562205 / $136.30
MCDANIAL/JANET / 005-7033562232 / $136.30
JOHNSON/ALICE / 005-7033562301 / $136.30
HERNANDEZ/ALBERT / 005-7033562313 / $184.45
HANAGRIFF/RICHARD / 005-7033399204 / $104.75

Thank you in advance for anything you may be able to do to help these Enron
travelers.

All best,
Elizabeth

CC:
Rick Dietz, Director, Commercial Support Group, ETS
Lynn Blair, Director, Market Services, ETS
Alma Carrillo, Administrative Assistant, ETS

Elizabeth Bouldin
Agency Accounting
The Travel Agency in the Park
713/860-1166
713/860-1866 fax
elizabeth.bouldin@travelpark.com

Effective November 22, 2001
1301 Fannin, Suite 175
Houston, TX 77002

	
	Virgil, I wanted to say "Thank You" for your time and effort given to our new employees
	as they toured your facilities in Vidor on Tuesday, September 25.  I know it was the first
	time most of them had been to a compressor station and they found it very interesting. 

	This was one step in our efforts to help them match the Physical world (Operations)
	with the Paper world (Nominations, invoices, etc).  

	Please pass on my "Thanks" to the others that contributed to this educational process.

	Lynn Blair

	

	John and Terry, where are we on this budget.  I want to be sure there are not issues
	coming up while John is on vacation !!!!  Thanks. Lynn

FYI

Gentlemen, see attached proposed 2002 Partnership Budgets for our upcoming meeting (Dates Pending).  Any questions/concerns/changes, call me.

NOTE:  J. Buchanan, per our telco, I revised the Market Services Attach#3 to reflect 2001 budget plus 3.5% for 2002.

		 		 

						Thanks,  tj

	Shelley, FYI.  Drew, Britt and I are meeting with the So. Central Team on Monday,
	October 1, at 10:00 a.m. for 30 minutes.  It is not the best time for everyone, but it
	was the best way to get the most people and get the meeting ASAP.  We will leave
	a person on the team to cover phones, plus the North end team is going to help
	watch the phone for that 30 minutes.  Thanks. Lynn

Sorry I missed the meeting yesterday.  The Internet virus kept me running yesterday and today.  Lynn is scheduling a time for you or Britt to review the arbitration decision with members of the Gas Logistics team that deal with Oneok

At our meeting yesterday on the Bushton settlement proposal, Phil Lowry led an interesting discussion on the meaning of the ONEOK measurement agreement as interpreted by the arbitrators.  That discussion highlighted the fact that there are still some subtleties about the agreement that may need to be reinforced for those people who have dealings with ONEOK at Bushton.  I'd like to volunteer Britt or myself (whichever is available) to crash your next staff meeting and take a few minutes to discuss the agreement and make sure we are all on the same page.  Rick and Lynn were involved and can help outline scenarios and how they should be resolved.  Thanks--pls let me know when and where (and whether I need to bring donuts).  df   

=09Sharon, are they going to move the frig to 42?  Thanks. Lynn

Now would be a good time to remove any items from the refrigerators on 41. =
 There are only about 10 people left on 41 and there's still enough food an=
d/or containers left here to feed a small country.  When everyone moves nex=
t week anything left in the refrigerator is history!=20
slb

As you are well aware all of the ETS groups located on the 41st floor will =
be relocated beginning this week and through part of next week.  Just a rem=
inder, remove any food and/or containers that you have  in  either of the r=
efrigerators in the 41st kitchen.  After 41 is vacated facilities departmen=
t (a.k.a. hazardous waste) will be called to clean the refrigerator and dis=
pose of all items left behind. =20

Sharon Brown
ETS Gas Control
713-853-5660

	Sounds good to me.  It leaves us some flexibility.  Thanks. Lynn

I recommend this wording...

ETS is in the process of evaluating the feedback and system requests from the NNG Winter Operations meeting.  A system enhancement to notify shippers when they have nominated to an alternate receipt or delivery point that is not on their contract is on the list for consideration.  The requirements for this modification are currently being determined, however, the exact method and wording of the message has not been finalized.  It is anticipated that the enhancement will be installed in the first quarter of 2002.  

Comments?  

Jo, Kent, Vernon:
Good morning!  Hope all is going well in Omaha and Houston.  As we discussed at
lunch in Kansas City we were going to request some information from you in
writing and to that extent please see the attached file.(See attached file:
Northern Letter asking for clarification.doc)

Greg Hathaway
804.273.4421
Virginia Power Energy Marketing (VPEM)
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Innsbrook 3rd Floor

Raetta, thank you for taking care of this.  I really appreciate your pro active involvement
with the new hires as well as helping Ava out.  Thanks again.  Lynn

Attached are the bullets for the week of September 7:

Thanks,

Raetta

 << File: bullets_972001.doc >> 

	Brad, just some comments.  At the end do we want to say Customer Services Rep instead of
	Market Service Rep.  and should we put the Hottap help desk phone number in that particular
	Hottap help desk bullitt. Just a thought.  Otherwise looks great.   Thanks. Lynn 

 << File: winterops_followup.doc >> 

Attached is a revision with your suggestions.  I didn't include all the bullitts since they were categorized with others or not yet completed.  

We will answer the additional questions for the FAQ's and elaborate/clarify the pool allocation.   

    FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
 
Robert Bryan has elected to leave Enron as of the end of September.  Consequently, his last day with us will be today.
 
He has accepted a job offer with Reliant Energy in Houston and will start working for them as of Monday.  Robert will be closely working with two familiar names - Tom Acton and Leon Williams.  We wish him well.
 
Robert shared his intentions with me earlier this month.  However, he had asked that I refrain from announcing his departure until everything was finalized on Reliant's end.  With all that is going on in the world, this process took a bit longer than both Robert and I expected.  And as a result, I was unable to communicate Robert's decision until now.  
 
I will immediately start the process of filling the vacancy created by the loss of Robert.  My current desire is to fill it as an entry-level.
 
sc
 

    FYI.  Thought you would be interested since most of you have worked with Robert over the
    years with the NBPL interconnects.  Thanks. Lynn
 
Robert Bryan has elected to leave Enron as of the end of September.  Consequently, his last day with us will be today.
 
He has accepted a job offer with Reliant Energy in Houston and will start working for them as of Monday.  Robert will be closely working with two familiar names - Tom Acton and Leon Williams.  We wish him well.
 
Robert shared his intentions with me earlier this month.  However, he had asked that I refrain from announcing his departure until everything was finalized on Reliant's end.  With all that is going on in the world, this process took a bit longer than both Robert and I expected.  And as a result, I was unable to communicate Robert's decision until now.  
 
I will immediately start the process of filling the vacancy created by the loss of Robert.  My current desire is to fill it as an entry-level.
 
sc
 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI

 
Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	Attached is an updated list of questions after everyone's input.  I would like to discuss the changes
	with you after Shelley's staff meeting.  Appreciate everyone's input.

			
			 

	Thanks. Lynn 

	Richard, are you Elizabeth's back up on this?  I want to be sure all the reps
	have reviewed the capacity release info.  Please work with Terry to be sure
	we have covered all the bases.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the Transwestern Capacity Release Report that provides information for September 2001 invoicing.  The spreads to the California border narrowed during the month of September.  Therefore, two of the three index-based packages released by PG&E (Core) are below TW's max tariff rate and the third should be billed using the floor defined on the offer ($0.4455/dth), which does exceed the max tariff rate.
TW Schedulers - I have left a copy of the flash invoices (processed as of late Friday) for all capacity release transactions and global settlement contracts in Amy's chair for your final disposition.  I have flagged all which may require some additional review/correction on your part.  I will be on a flight out Monday lunchtime for customer training and will not be back in the office until Thursday.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me by pager (800-718-0830). 
 
 

Thanks,
Elizabeth

	FYI.  Thought you would like to see this. Thanks. Lynn

UAT was completed today, 09/28/01.   

All accounting reports are now ready for migration to the Business Objects Production environment effective 10/01/01.
Note: 	Per discussions.....Please implement fix to resolve issue with the GISB Code hyperlink before 10/01/01 production date.

Beta testing also concluded on 09/28/01.   Feedback from all participating beta testers was received.  Also, there were four beta testers (shippers) who were willing to participate in the NNG Beta test.  (Utilicorp, U.S. Energy, Nebraska Public Gas, and Virginia Power)
  
In summary, the overall comments were positive and the general reaction of beta testers is that they were "rather impressed with the progress that had been accomplished by NNG."  Detailed customer comments by report type including any "suggestions" will be forthcoming.

Thanks.

Legale and Larry.

  

	Vernon, looks good to me with Steve Kirk's small fix on last paragraph.  Thanks. Lynn

Here is the final draft of the response letter for Virginia Power.  Please review and provide comments by Tuesday, October 2.  

Thanks!
 << File: VPEM9272001.doc >> 

	Larry and Raetta, do we need to communicate this to the teams?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI - Accounting types...

Treasury, SAP, and GCP have been working together for a number of months to resolve payment issues.  During this time, Treasury has been reviewing each wire transfer manually.  It is now time to move to the next step and allow our banking system to provide these edits and focus our attention on just the wires that fail the edits.

Treasury has partnered with GCP and SAP to quickly resolve any vendor master and data entry related issues.  This team will be working with business units as needed to expedite the correction and reprocessing of payments to meet the commercial needs of Enron.  We will need your cooperation to expedite the turn around on any items in your area.

More detailed resolution procedures will be developed next week and communicated to all of you.  

Thank you for your help in this process.

Mary Perkins

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Gas days Sept. 25 through Sept. 27 reflect a significant increase in volumes compared to previous days at the Lean Inlet and Outlet streams at Bushton.   Please verify the increased volumes for these dates before the PVR spreadsheet is submitted to Oneok .

Thanks,
Harry Woodson

               Dates       Lean Inlet      Lean Outlet
               09-21-01      -314,208         266,792
               09-22-01      -303,783         257,499
               09-23-01      -301,809         256,720
               09-24-01      -304,705         286,232
               09-25-01      -390,412         343,009
               09-26-01      -423,215         368,703
               09-27-01      -374,505         323,627
                      

	Toby, what is the status of this issue?  Thanks. Lynn

Before you write the request, please make these clarifications:

1. If we allocated during timely,  then don't allocate again during any intraday cycles,
    do we count that as being a day that was allocated ?
2. Ventura receipt and delivery are currently being allocated separately, and not netted against 
    each other like everything else.  Does it count if  either side got allocated ?
3. If a point is in a group that is being allocated, but the point itself is not, does it count ?
4. Percentages ?

I know we can get the dates these points were allocated, but what about the percentages Chris is talking about?

Toby
Here's the info I need:

Term:		November, 2000 through March, 2001
Points:		Receipt Point - POI 192 Ventura
		Delivery Point - POI 5532 NNG/Waukesha-Eagle
Allocation:	Was point allocated 100%, 75%, etc?	 

Yes this data can be extracted from TMS.  Just send a req. to TMS on Call so they can get the information for you.  I am not sure what you mean by percentages.

Chris,

What months are you talking about? November - March? 

Gerry,

Can Hasan extract this information from TMS for Chris?

Toby, does Northern track the number of days and associated percentages that a point is allocated during a heating season?  We are trying to do a transport deal and the customer asked how often we allocated POI 5532 (Eagle) and POI 192 (Ventura) last heating season.
 
Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

	
	Robert, was there a problem getting the weekend notes out last night?  Shelley
	pulls the recap for each pipe by 7:30 a.m. for Stan's staff meeting on Mondays.

	I just need to make sure everyone understands the urgency (especially on Mondays)
	to have the updates sent Sunday night.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Sounds like a plan to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, in the note below they talk about some detailed procedures being put together.  I thought that we would wait until that comes out and then get with the Reps.

Thanks,

Raetta

	Larry and Raetta, do we need to communicate this to the teams?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI - Accounting types...

Treasury, SAP, and GCP have been working together for a number of months to resolve payment issues.  During this time, Treasury has been reviewing each wire transfer manually.  It is now time to move to the next step and allow our banking system to provide these edits and focus our attention on just the wires that fail the edits.

Treasury has partnered with GCP and SAP to quickly resolve any vendor master and data entry related issues.  This team will be working with business units as needed to expedite the correction and reprocessing of payments to meet the commercial needs of Enron.  We will need your cooperation to expedite the turn around on any items in your area.

More detailed resolution procedures will be developed next week and communicated to all of you.  

Thank you for your help in this process.

Mary Perkins

	Thought you guys would be interested in Phil's comments.  Steve, I think you need to
	be in this meeting.  Anyone else want to attend?  Thanks. Lynn

Drew, I won't be available until around 5pm today.  In lieu of a meeting let me leave you with some comments.

?	I have no objection to the "special test" being conducted at the CEESI facilities in Ventura, Ia.  As far as I know they are adequate. But, we would want to have an expert look at them first.  i.e., Instomet and Ken Cessac.
?	When a meter is removed from service at the Rich/Lean Inlet/Outlet then the Rich/Lean plant(s) would have to go down until that meter is tested and reinstalled.  I would assume that they would want to have one outage for all four meters and the total down time for the plant might be several days.
?	Northern will have to restrict C6+ again during this outage.
?	There is no spare meter(s) or spool for any of the Bushton meters.  If OneOK were willing to reimburse NNG (regardless of test outcome), NNG would be willing to purchase and fabricate spare meter spools in order to conduct this test with minimal impact to plant processing.  There would still be an outage of the Bushton Plant but probably only a couple of days.

I'd like to get the above group together to discuss our response to ONeOk's letter calling for a special test. The agreement requires us to "cooperate" with OneOk when a special test is called, and there are a number of issues we will need to cooperate on, including what to do for measurement while the meter is removed, which outfit to use to test the  meter, and what the standards for testing the meter should be.  Emily--pls get a meeting set up for today if possible.  All-I suspect I've inadvertently left some key people off this distribution, so please route as necessary.  DF

	Mike, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Drew, I won't be available until around 5pm today.  In lieu of a meeting let me leave you with some comments.

?	I have no objection to the "special test" being conducted at the CEESI facilities in Ventura, Ia.  As far as I know they are adequate. But, we would want to have an expert look at them first.  i.e., Instomet and Ken Cessac.
?	When a meter is removed from service at the Rich/Lean Inlet/Outlet then the Rich/Lean plant(s) would have to go down until that meter is tested and reinstalled.  I would assume that they would want to have one outage for all four meters and the total down time for the plant might be several days.
?	Northern will have to restrict C6+ again during this outage.
?	There is no spare meter(s) or spool for any of the Bushton meters.  If OneOK were willing to reimburse NNG (regardless of test outcome), NNG would be willing to purchase and fabricate spare meter spools in order to conduct this test with minimal impact to plant processing.  There would still be an outage of the Bushton Plant but probably only a couple of days.

I'd like to get the above group together to discuss our response to ONeOk's letter calling for a special test. The agreement requires us to "cooperate" with OneOk when a special test is called, and there are a number of issues we will need to cooperate on, including what to do for measurement while the meter is removed, which outfit to use to test the  meter, and what the standards for testing the meter should be.  Emily--pls get a meeting set up for today if possible.  All-I suspect I've inadvertently left some key people off this distribution, so please route as necessary.  DF

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

For those of you that e-mailed me that you are available at 2:00 p.m. CST today, you can meet Drew in conference room EB47C2. 
For those of you outside of Houston please call into the number below: Please route to others we may have missed.

All participants dial:         1-800-711-8000
Access Code:                  21423#

Thanks

Emily Sellers
Enron Transportation Services Legal 
1400 Smith Street, EB4771
Houston, Tx 77001
emily.sellers@enron.com
(713) 853-7172
(713) 646-2738

	FYI   Dave Neubauer and Mary Kay are not available this afternoon.

I'd like to get the above group together to discuss our response to ONeOk's letter calling for a special test. The agreement requires us to "cooperate" with OneOk when a special test is called, and there are a number of issues we will need to cooperate on, including what to do for measurement while the meter is removed, which outfit to use to test the  meter, and what the standards for testing the meter should be.  Emily--pls get a meeting set up for today if possible.  All-I suspect I've inadvertently left some key people off this distribution, so please route as necessary.  DF

	John, FYI.  I didn't know if you would be able to make this meeting.  Terry is coming until
	2:30 then he will attend Steve Harris' meeting.  If you need to stay on the floor, that is no
	problem.  I will update you.  Thanks. Lynn

For those of you that e-mailed me that you are available at 2:00 p.m. CST today, you can meet Drew in conference room EB47C2. 
For those of you outside of Houston please call into the number below: Please route to others we may have missed.

All participants dial:         1-800-711-8000
Access Code:                  21423#

Thanks

Emily Sellers
Enron Transportation Services Legal 
1400 Smith Street, EB4771
Houston, Tx 77001
emily.sellers@enron.com
(713) 853-7172
(713) 646-2738

	FYI   Dave Neubauer and Mary Kay are not available this afternoon.

I'd like to get the above group together to discuss our response to ONeOk's letter calling for a special test. The agreement requires us to "cooperate" with OneOk when a special test is called, and there are a number of issues we will need to cooperate on, including what to do for measurement while the meter is removed, which outfit to use to test the  meter, and what the standards for testing the meter should be.  Emily--pls get a meeting set up for today if possible.  All-I suspect I've inadvertently left some key people off this distribution, so please route as necessary.  DF

	Ava, thanks for the keys.  I appreciate you staying on top of this.  Thanks. Lynn

I would like to know the status of this request.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

I need keys made for file cabinet yvsn2436 and desk drawer M78 located at EB4268.  I also need keys made for file cabinet F2421and desk drawer F2421 located at EB425.
 Co. Number 0179
 Co RC 111367

Thanks,
Ava- 3-5842

	Shelley, this is the letter from Winston that you were looking for.  Thanks. Lynn

 
Rick/Dave
Attached is our first pass at a Letter Agreement which if agreed to would
modify the existing Measurement Agreement.  Please get us any changes you
have as soon as is possible.  We look forward to working with you on this
project.

Steve Winston
ONEOK Field Services

 <<Bushton PTR Measurement Settlement Proposal.doc>>

 - Bushton PTR Measurement Settlement Proposal.doc 

	Kim, I would like to buy one of the cards.  Please let me know what Ineed to do to purchase one.
	Thanks. Lynn

Ladies,

The Holiday Shopping Card is a wonderful holiday tradition.  The card entitles the holder to a 20% discount from November 1-November 11 at a range of stores throughout town such as Berings, Macy's, Events, Harold Powell, Banana Republic, Tootsies, JoAnn's, Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Richards Liquors, Children's Collection, Talbots Kids, Zainy Brainy and many, many more.

The cards are available for $60.  The entire $60 goes to the American Cancer Society and is tax-deductible.   Checks and credit cards are accepted.

Please contact Kimberly Nelson at x33580 if you'd like to purchase a Holiday Card and start your holiday shopping early and benefit a great cause at the same time.

	John, let's discuss when you get back Wednesay.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
It looks like the mouse pads are kind of expensive, what do you think?

John Buchanan

John, per your request price for front and back lamination is .70 cents for color copy and $20/ 1 hr. for lamination which is 50 copies per hour.
I was not able to get an exact price on mouse pad however I was given an estimate of $15 to $20 depending on amount ordered.  I have left a message for Karen in graphics and am waiting for reply.

Thanks,
Ava

	Attached is a draft of a letter we are sending to our customers as discussed
	at the Winter Ops Meeting in September.  Also, we have attached a "Frequently 
	Asked Questions" (FAQ) document that will go out with the letter and will be posted 
	to the WEB.   We will monitor the WEB site and update the questions periodically.

	Please review the letter and FAQ and let me know of any changes or comments by
	tomorrow evening, Tuesday, 5:00 p.m.  Our goal is to get these documents to the customers
	by Wednesday, October 3rd.

	We appreciate your input in this process.  Do not hesitate to call if you have questions. (Ext. 3-7637)

		
			 		 

	Thanks. Lynn

	Kathy, just wanted to be sure we had the coverage on the team for October while you
	are testing?  Do we need to address any concerns? 

	Thanks. Lynn

	Steve, I am going to let you answer this one.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn and Steve,
How hard would it be for someone in the logistics group to develop and distribute weekly a report on all of the NNG interconnects and the imbalances of all of the ones that we receive a report of the noms from scheduling.  I am talking about a report like TW gets from Richard Hanagriff that gives all of the imbalances.   This would help Gas Control to keep a better idea of where we are with the other companies.  I have had other gas controllers ask me this same question.  Thank you both for your time and trouble in looking into this for us.

                                              Sincerely,

                                               Margaret Hall

	Carolyn, I have received my new card and destroyed my old card.

	Thanks. Lynn Blair

	Ava, FYI.  Sounds like I may be able to stay at the Sheraton on Monday.  Can you check 
	this out.  Thanks. Lynn

Pipeline Interconnect Forum Participants:

We are pleased to inform you that the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf has agreed
to extend our discounted rate of $199 for the following days:
Friday, October 19
Saturday, October 20
Sunday, October 21
Monday, October 22

As well, the reservation cut-off has been extended until October 18.

We hope this helps people who are either coming in early to enjoy the sights
of San Francisco or those who don't want to take the red-eye flight home on
Monday night.  We are excited about seeing everyone.

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
Gas System Operations
415.973.1386

>  -----Original Message-----

	Todd, thank you for the info.  I wanted to pass on to you that Sheila Nacey is not going
	to be able to attend.  Could you please replace her name on the Sunday activity with
	Theresa Hess.  Thanks.  Again, I look forward to seeing everyon on the 21.  Lynn

Pipeline Interconnect Forum Participants:

We are pleased to inform you that the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf has agreed
to extend our discounted rate of $199 for the following days:
Friday, October 19
Saturday, October 20
Sunday, October 21
Monday, October 22

As well, the reservation cut-off has been extended until October 18.

We hope this helps people who are either coming in early to enjoy the sights
of San Francisco or those who don't want to take the red-eye flight home on
Monday night.  We are excited about seeing everyone.

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
Gas System Operations
415.973.1386

>  -----Original Message-----

 
 - Bammel Forest Utility Company - Sept.doc 

Richard Johnson faxed me a letter yesterday, wanting me to advise them on
how to proceed with this past due account.  There seems to be a lot of
misunderstanding about this that needs to be cleared up.  Johnson say "the
Young's are due to be cut off today."   Also in a copy of a letter they
sent to me they gave the Young's your work phone number (Richard).  Was
that OK?  I do not want Johnson giving out my work number to any customer!
Maybe if the Young's would just sent a partial payment we could get to the
bottom of all of this?
Let me know if you need me to do anything.  I can fax you copies of what R.
Johnson sent me if it will help (give me a fax number) or you can call me
this morning before 10:00.

Thanks,
Danny Kelley
Gowan Inc
713/696-5452

	Terry, can you send Ranelle July.  Ranelle, Terry is working on October
	and should have that ready tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
Any luck getting a copy of that July Bushton report for me?  It was the one that showed who was scheduled at Bushton with Rate Schedule data so we could see who was flowing interruptible either from a receipt point to the inlet to Bushton or from the outlet to Demarc.
Ranelle

	Ranelle, John and Michelle,  thought I would send this statement to you and see if this
	helps simplify our answer to your question.  

	The question is:  How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not
	double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths (i.e. nom on same contract
	from (1) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from (2) Bushton Outlet to Demac)

	For Nominating purposes:

	MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ. 
	Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate.

	Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point.

	EXAMPLE:

	If the Field MDQ is 10,000, then we will  (1) total the reciepts nominated on the
	contract; (2) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ.  Then the shipper
	will get firm (primary and alternate) up to their contract MDQ.  Anything over will be 
	overrun at IT rate.

	If anyone has any other questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

  [Blair, Lynn]  		  

Thanks for your help.  

	Ricki FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	OK, here is what I have:
		For Wednesday, September 12 - Cynthia and Renee (NGPL) ( 4 tickets)
		For Thursday, September 13 - Bert and Texaco (4 tickets)

	 	 Thanks. Lynn	

	
	I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13
	for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please
	let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn

	Teams, it is very important that you attend these meetings before you work the
	weekend.  This will give us an opportunity to ensure everyone has the same understanding
	of EDI procedures.  

	Mary and Jim, please keep a signed list of who attends training so we can add this to
	our Training list for 2001.  Thanks. Lynn

Every Friday in October and November, Jim Studebaker and I will facilitate an EDI discussion for customer service reps working the weekend.  Please attend this EDI training on Friday, October 5 from 2:30-3:00 in EB3907. The discussion will include a review of the TMS quick response and diagnostic tool screens and the Team EDI web page.  Questions related to EDI and problem resolution will also be discussed. 

Customer service reps working from home will be included via telephone conference call. 

We look forward to seeing you at the meeting.

Jim and Mary

	Richard, can you check with marketing to see if they have put the right rate
	in the system and then coordinate with Bert when he gets back tomorrow. 
	Thanks for your help.  Lynn

Lynn,

In reviewing the Duke contract 27291, I did find that the rate was not correct for four months in the past year.  I also reviewed Duke contract 27349 since it also had the same type of alternate to California deal.  Two months on the second contract were not billed correctly.  If Marketing can input the correct rates into the system, I can regenerate the invoices and bill Duke immediately.  Please see the attached file for details.

Thanks,  Bert		 

	Team, I realize this rate change is done in Marketing.  But, you have a responsibility
	to review the invoice to ensure that the adjustment to the price has been made if
	there is alternate deliveries.  Let's be proactive to ensure we have accurate billing.
	If you have any questions, please let me know.  

This adjustment will result in approximately $7800 in additional revenues.  

One way to prevent this situation in the future would be for the rep and or myself to ensure that Duke's rate has been increased when they have alternate deliveries to the border.   If these alternate deliveries exist and the rate has not been increased then the rep needs to bring this situation to the attention of the marketer.

FYI - In working to load rates for the FERC California reporting requirements, it appears that for the last four months Duke Energy T & M contract #27291 has not been billed the incremental fee of $0.06/dth for alternate deliveries to the Cal Border (over and above the base discount negotiated for the contracted primary points).

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
Elizabeth
x3-6928

	On September 24, 2001, Alice gave each of you a list of your outstanding accounts receivable
	back to January, 1998.  In meeting with Alice today, I understand, we have NOT cleaned up very
	many of these issues.
	
	Alice will be getting with each one of you AGAIN to review your accounts.  My expectation is
	that there has been some clean up activity before Performance Reviews at which time I will
	ask Alice for an update.  Alice, Raetta and Larry are all available as needed to help you in
	this effort.

	All clean up should be completed by December 31, 2001.

	Tracy, keep up the good work.  We appreciate you staying on top of Burlington's
	business.  Thanks. Lynn

TW received $125,448.39 from Burlington in payment of their shipper imbalances.

good job by Tracey in following up on this payment

	Ava, I am assuming we are sending flowers?  You may want to check with Sherry
	to see if we want to wait until Kathy gets home or send to hospital.  Thanks. Lynn

Just wanted to let everyone know that Kathy's mother called a few minutes ago -- Kathy has had her surgery and is now in recovery.  They will let us know when she will be going home.

Any questions, please advise -- thanks.	

	Ava, please get Jo and I some dates for giving the Marketers a "Brown Bag" training
	session on Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling process.  
	I would like to use the video Room on 42 in Houston and 6th floor in Omaha.

	I would like to look at the week of October 15th.  

	The session could be a brown bag from 11:30 to 1:00.

	John Buchanan and I can give the presentation since Terry will be out that week.

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Ava, please update my calendar with the room number changes.  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley's Monday and Wednesday staff meetings have been relocated to ECN42C2 thru December.  On Wednesday October 10th we have invited Jean McFarland to discuss various brands of handheld communication devices from 9:00 until 10:00AM.

Please forward this memo to individuals that you feel may benefit from learning more about standard cost effective communication tools that Enron supports.

Thank you, Ricki

	FYI.   Thanks. Lynn

Dave Neubauer received a voice mail message today from Terry Spencer in which Terry stated that ONEOK will be forwarding the withheld mmbtu reimbursement payments for the condensate removed from Northern's Mt. Jesus drip.  Dan, please notify the rest of us when payment is received.

As an aside, note that last week CP Energy and Touchstone Trucking met with our Ron Brickman and others after identifying themselves as, a new condensate marketer and drip hauler retained by ONEOK to begin collecting the Mt. Jesus, Fowler, Sublette locations.  It is our understanding that these folks were brought in by Oneok on a trial basis to collect drip at locations that have been a "problem" for/between Oneok and its current hauler.

Charlie Graham
Phone 402-398-7061
Fax 402-398-7122 
OMA 0629

	Donna, attached is a first pass draft of a letter for Shelley to send out to the
	teams about her up coming staff meeting.

	I would appreciate your input.  You are much better at this than I am.  I tend to be
	to blunt sometimes.

		 

	Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks. Lynn

	Robert, we have decided to send Donna Scott and a person out of Brad's group to
	attend this training.  Then they will come back and do the training with each of
	us.  This will help minimize costs and yet give us the opportunity for everyone to
	benefit from the information.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I would like to attend this class if possible, on 11/01/01 and 11/02/01.

Robert

Good morning,

ENW Global Messaging would like to apologize for the previous version of the mailing.  Below is the intended version.

Signature Service:  The Key To Customer Satisfaction ( Wilson Learning)

Come join us and learn more about what it means to provide Excellent Service!
(2 Classes have been scheduled with 20 slots available for each date.)
October 18-19;    November 1-2
  in EB 560    Cost:  $740.00
8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. (1st day)
8:00 am - 12 noon (2nd day)

Topics Covered Include:
Discovering the Opportunities in Customer Satisfaction
Managing Myself
Opening the Interaction
Determining Needs and Expectations
Managing the Interaction
Satisfying Customers in Comfortable & Indecisive Conditions
Satisfying Customers in the Insistent & Irate Conditions

Please log onto http://elm.enron.com to sign up for the class of your choice.  The class is listed under "By Invitation" Category.   If you have problems registering or have any questions, please call 713-853-0357. 

    Terry, can you follow up with the Wizard problem on TW.  Thanks. LYnn
Please see attached
 
Thanks,
Beverly and Christine

	Alma, hopefully, I am not too late.  If so, just let me know who has copies
	and I can borrow theirs.  Thanks. Lynn

As you know, version 1.5 of the GISB standards is available.  Electronic copies are available directly from the GISB home page.  If you would like a paper copy of the standards, please indicate the number of copies you need (see below) and forward this e-mail to Alma Carrillo.  Please respond to Alma no later than COB Wednesday, September 5.  Call me if you have questions on the standards books.

	____	Business Practice Standards Booklet - Book 1 of 2  (This contains all principles, definitions and standards.)

	____	Business Practice Standards Booklet - Book 2 of 2  (This contains all data dictionaries and code values dictionaries.)

	__1__	Nominations Related Standards Manual

	__1_	Flowing Gas Related Standards Manual

	__1_	Invoicing Related Standards Manual

	____	Electronic Delivery Mechanism Related Standards Manual

	____	Capacity Release Related Standards Manual

Thanks,
Theresa

Version 1.5 of the GISB standards has been posted to the GISB Web site.  The next step in the process is for the GISB office to send the standards to the FERC.  The implementation date of the standards is set by the FERC.  You'll be notified as this process progresses.

Electronic copies of the version 1.5 standards books can be downloaded directly from GISB's Web site (www.gisb.org/frameset.htm).  To locate the books, click on 'STANDARDS' in the menu on the left-hand side of the screen.  The version 1.5 standards books will be located at the top of the page.  You'll need the ETS logon ID and password.  Please call Alma Carrillo (-36503) if you need the ID and password.  Please remember that this is an ETS' ID and password -- it is for the use of ETS' employees.  (NOTE:  The posting for the EDM standards book shows a date of November 15, 1999.  This is only a typo on the Web page.  The actual book is dated June 18, 2001.)

Paper copies of the version 1.5 standards will be available.  Early next week Alma Carrillo will distribute a form for requesting paper copies.  We will coordinate this effort for the Houston people.  I'll let you know the coordinator for Omaha.  You can also print the standards directly from the GISB Web site.  

Please let me know if you need help obtaining the standards books or have further questions.

Thanks,
Theresa

	Terry, please plan on attending next Wednesday's meeting for the demonstration on the handheld
	devices.  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley's Monday and Wednesday staff meetings have been relocated to ECN42C2 thru December.  On Wednesday October 10th we have invited Jean McFarland to discuss various brands of handheld communication devices from 9:00 until 10:00AM.

Please forward this memo to individuals that you feel may benefit from learning more about standard cost effective communication tools that Enron supports.

Thank you, Ricki

	I would like to recap my understanding and the "To Do's" from the meeting yesterday.  

		1.  After November 1, Measurement would NO longer adjust any TBS physical
	                 volumes unless there was a PPA directly influencing said TBS.

		2.  Measurement would check  to see if they had a deduct meter they were
	                 using in the end user process. (Since the meeting we have discovered that
	 	     the deduct meter IS in GVA, therefore no checking needs to be done).

		3.  Gas Logistics would check with IT on possible enhancement (if necessary) for
		     negative volumes to the TBS.  (We have talked with IT and this would be
		     a major enhancement and have to be done with the new system).

		4.  Procedures need to be documented to handle negative numbers created by
		     the LDC giving measurement an end user actual volume greater than the 
		     TBS connected to NNG.

		5.  Measurement and Gas Logistics agreed that all measured volumes including
		     End User point volumes would be "housed' in PGAS.

	After further discussions in Gas Logistics, our recommendation is that neither Measurement or Gas Logistics accomodate a
	negative number.  If the LDC gives measurement an end user volume greater than the TBS the following should happen:

		1.  Measurement should either:

			a.  Call the LDC and let them know they cannot accept a volume at an end
			     user point higher than their TBS.

			b.  Or Measurement can call Jodie Floyd on the Gas Logistics Measurement Desk
			     and Jodie will call LDC with the same info.

		2.  If Measurement does not get an answer before measurement close, then measurement will
		     use the number equal to the TBS for the end user point.

	Gary and Ellis, you may want to have more discussions on this topic.  I would be glad to regroup if you want.
	I have put a call into Marketing to talk to them about our concerns on this issue.  Also Raetta and Jodie are
	 going to go ahead and call Wisconsin Gas and get their explanation of why an end user point would be
	greater than the TBS.  Hopefully it is just a measurement error.  We will let you know the outcome.

	If there is something I missed, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Just wanted to follow-up.  Are we still O.K. with the decisions made in the meeting the other day regarding the handling of end-user transactions?  Have we run into any additional obstacles?  Do you need me to do anything to assist in the process?  If something does change, would you please let me know.  Thanks MW

	Joni, we will see if there is enough interest in doing a make-up session, we will certainly
	be glad to.  Thanks. Lynn

Hi Lynn,

I'm really interested in this, but plan to be out of town the 15 - 17.  Will you be planning any make-up sessions?

Thanks,

Joni

Date:		Tuesday, October 16, 2001
Time:		11:30 AM-1:00 PM.
Location:	(Video-42C2/Oma 696/MSP) 
Topic:		IT Brown Bag Training Session

Please forward this to everyone in marketing.  This is a presentation on nominations, scheduling, allocations etc. given by Lynn Blair. This is for anyone who wants a basic course on scheduling, and can also be a refresher for those already familiar with this.  Please include the Minneapolis, Omaha, and Houston marketing groups.

Thanks, Jo
 Training session on Nominations, Confirmatins and Scheduling process.  Presentation given by John Buchanan and Lynn Blair

	Deb, yes I need to know who is attending and how many.  I will ensure we get you
	the handouts for Omaha ahead of time.  I will also send them to Minneapolis if
	there are any Marketers attending there as well.  Thanks for your help.  Lynn

Lynn, do you need to know who will be attending?  Will there be any handouts?

Deb, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Tom.

Date:		Tuesday, October 16, 2001
Time:		11:30 AM-1:00 PM.
Location:		(Video-42C2/Oma 696/MSP) 
Topic:		IT Brown Bag Training Session

Please forward this to everyone in marketing.  This is a presentation on nominations, scheduling, allocations etc. given by Lynn Blair. This is for anyone who wants a basic course on scheduling, and can also be a refresher for those already familiar with this.  Please include the Minneapolis, Omaha, and Houston marketing groups.

Thanks, Jo
 Training session on Nominations, Confirmatins and Scheduling process.  Presentation given by John Buchanan and Lynn Blair

	Ava, schedule time for you, Terry and I to meet next week and talk about
	the training and get the handouts ready.  Thanks. Lynn	

Lynn, do you need to know who will be attending?  Will there be any handouts?

Deb, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Tom.

Date:		Tuesday, October 16, 2001
Time:		11:30 AM-1:00 PM.
Location:		(Video-42C2/Oma 696/MSP) 
Topic:		IT Brown Bag Training Session

Please forward this to everyone in marketing.  This is a presentation on nominations, scheduling, allocations etc. given by Lynn Blair. This is for anyone who wants a basic course on scheduling, and can also be a refresher for those already familiar with this.  Please include the Minneapolis, Omaha, and Houston marketing groups.

Thanks, Jo
 Training session on Nominations, Confirmatins and Scheduling process.  Presentation given by John Buchanan and Lynn Blair

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

We have been under burning at the Great Lakes - Carlton Interconnect for the past few days.   Gas Control was seeing what appeared to be a good flow rate but due to a calibration error between our Seimens Controller at Carlton and the Great Lakes computer we have actually been under burning.    The Control Tech - Roger Salmi - is performing a calibration now and we should be sync'd up with Great Lakes this afternoon.

I have passed this to Gas Control and they will make the necessary adjustments to correct the imbalance once Roger has completed the calibration.

Tks - Mike W. - NNG Measurement Desk - 713-853-7742

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI
Alma- please make the appropriate meter station remarks for both Sept & Oct volume statements that the down time was confirmed by Tony Simpson in case Gas Logistics calls and says otherwise----.Our volumes look good for both months so far and we should not be changing anything.

Mike thanks for the info. We show a few hrs on the 4th starting @ 3 AM but the majority begins around noon 
Just heard from Jim Westbrook and he confirmed that our meter is OK - the plant was down for expansion so the 0's are good.   Should start seeing some volumes with the gas day of the 4th.

Bill Anderson with U.S. Energy was convinced that they had been taking gas during this time.  Tony Simpson with Exol confirmed that they had not.

Will close the ticket.

tks - Mike W. - NNG Measurement Desk

Owatonna Team - Please pass to Jim Westbrook:

Looks like we lost the meter pulsar signal or module on the 25th - No measurement since.    Passed to Jim Westbrook - Owatonna Team.   Will need to get Sep. volumes to GMS for accounting close.

I passed to Bill Anderson with U.S. Energy.

:Jim - please let the NNG Measurement Desk know when you get the meter back up.

GMS - Bobbie - please pass to the GMS accounting rep for this station.

Tks - Mike W. - NNG Measurement Desk - 713-853-7742

=09Ava, please update my email lists.  Thanks. Lynn

Please remove Michelle Cormier from your mail list(s).

Michelle will be going to work for EES effective October 8.

Please call if you have any questions.

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	We have reviewed the assignments Jean sent out earlier in the week.  At this time
	I think the split is OK.  I would like for you to put in writing for me the following:

	 	Who is your back up on critical reports, etc when you are out.
		I would like for that back up to be someone that was NOT on
		your original team.  This may help us address the issue of the two
		"old" teams merging.

		For example I am assuming if one rep has the shipper business and another rep has the
		operator business for the same company, then those two reps should back each other's
		desk.

		Randy Janzen is backing up Jean Adams desk on Lamar Power Plant since he has AEP which
			is shipper that does business at the Lamar Plant.

		Scott and Kathy support each other's desk since Kathy has ElPaso as a Shipper and
			Scott has ElPaso as Operator.

		Harry and Joe support each other on Oneok since Harry has Bushton and Joe has the
			gathering

		The areas of concern in relation to day to day business are below and need specific back up
		reps. 

			GPM Monthly Pricing Report
			Lamar Power Plant True Ups
			PVR Report
			Oneok Gathering Reporting
			NNG Administrative Contracts
			SPS Power Plant True Up
			Conoco Power Plant True Up
			MOPS Daily Report
				
		The HIgh profile shippers/Operators that need specific back ups are as follows:

			Duke/GPM
			Oneok
			Transcanada
			Dynegy
			Reliant
			ElPaso
			West Texas Gas 

	If there is any confusion with the email, please do not hesitate to call Terry or myself.  Thanks. Lynn

		

	Randy, did we have problems this weekend?  Thanks. Lynn

This attachment is the policy we have for the A/C and lighting on floor 42. It says this floor should have the A/C on from 6:30 am - 10:30 pm 7 days a week.

Thanks,
Randy Janzen
3-5962 

 << File: After Hours & Weekend Light Policy.doc >> 

	Frank, since this never happened, are we going to meet with Mark Woofter to resolve this issue?
	Do Steve and I need to come up and sit down with you and Mark and come to a resolution that
	works for everyone?  Just let us know how you would like to handle.  Thanks for all your help.
	Lynn

In meeting with Tom Gesell this morning, it was suggested that we take a half hour or so in Kansas City to discuss communication issues surrounding the implementing of allocations and/or flow controls. 

Gas Control we need to call  Mid Am by around 5:45 P.M. (Intra day 2 process) to see what their intention are on Quad Cities and Cedar Rapids points if they are outside their 20,000 plus 5% of their order. ETS scheduler should call you around this time to see if we need to allocate them based on the information they have given you. Also be sure and log this conversation.

Gary 

	Maggie, Terry and Hasan, I would like to meet with you and Sheila to review both reports
	before we turn anything off. How about 1:00 Tuesday, October 9th in my office or Sheila's
	office?  Thanks. Lynn

Hasan,

The new Service Requestor Report does not have operator information and the Scheduled Quantity Report does have the operator option.  We need to discuss this further before making a decision to turn the old reports off.

Maggie

All,
some time back we implemented shipper and operator scheduled quantity reports in TMS that were designed to replace the ones that existed at the time.  Since the format of the new reports was slightly different from the old ones, the idea was to wane users off the old ones.  Unfortunately, that has not happened and we are in a situation where we are having to maintain two set of reports that are used for same information.

At this time we would like to take the opportunity to turn off the old reports as part of changes implemented on 10/13.

Thanks

        FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
 
Lynn,
 
Thanks for setting this up.  Given our recent discussions and the beginning of the heating season, this is very timely.  Thanks for sharing your expertise!  
 
Kent

Please forward this to everyone in marketing.  This is a presentation on nominations, scheduling, allocations etc. given by Lynn Blair. This is for anyone who wants a basic course on scheduling, and can also be a refresher for those already familiar with this.  Please include the Minneapolis, Omaha, and Houston marketing groups.

Thanks, Jo 
 Training session on Nominations, Confirmatins and Scheduling process.  Presentation given by John Buchanan and Lynn Blair

	Shelley, on NNG and TW, things were quiet.  The SoCal/West of Thoreau spreadsheet
	is on your desk.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	Sheila, FYI.  I guess she did get a ticket for $153.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, attached is Jean's Omaha itinerary and the fee was $153.25.  Also I put 2 batteries on your desk I wasn't sure what size.

Ava

 TOTAL  USD 153.25
 LAST TKT DATE 05OCT01
 NON-REFUNDABLE
 $100 change fee

                                          AGENT HM/HM BOOKING REF ZQOPAB

                                          ADAMS/JEAN
                                          EB
                                          ETKT RECEIPT
  ENRON CORP

  DATE:  OCT 05 2001

SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  09OCT HOUSTON TX     OMAHA NE       842P    1048P
CO 1812    Q          TUE   G.BUSH INTERCO EPPLEY AIRFIEL
                            TERMINAL C
                                                          NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:06 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
                            SEAT 22D NO SMOKING CONFIRMED ADAMS/JEAN(IDS0

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  11OCT OMAHA NE       HOUSTON TX     735A    951A
CO 1612    Q          THU   EPPLEY AIRFIEL G.BUSH INTERCO
                                           TERMINAL C
                            SNACK                         NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:16 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
                            SEAT 24A NO SMOKING CONFIRMED ADAMS/JEAN(IDS0
                YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: UKFF03

MISCELLANEOUS         08FEB HOUSTON TX
                      FRI   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP **

RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UKFF03

ADAMS/JEAN  S0C0179R1113

ASSISTANT: AVA GARCIA 713 853-5842
*******************************************
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
********************************************
**********************************************
.............NEW FAA REQUIREMENTS.............
CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL.
TO GO THROUGH SECURITY YOU ARE REQUIRED TO HAVE
AN ITINERARY GENERATED BY AN AIRLINE OR TRAVEL AGENCY
CONFIRMING AN ELECTRONIC TICKET INCLUDING TICKET NUMBER
OR A RECEIPT FOR AN ELECTRONIC TICKET INCLUDING TICKET NUMBER
AND/OR A BOARDING PASS FOR THE CURRENT DAY.
**********************************************
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: UKFF03
ALL FARES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL TICKETED/PURCHASED

Heather M Davis
Have a great day =)
The Travel Agency in the Park
heather.davis@travelpark.com
713 860 1179 (direct line)
713 860 1879 (direct fax)
***************************

Okay to book.

Thanks,
Ava

    

	Ava, I was in the office for October 1 - 15th.   Thanks. Lynn

Please turn in your timesheet by Firday October 12th.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(15).doc >> 

	Terry, Maggie and Sheila, if you get comfortable with the direction
	these emails are going, then we do NOT need to meet.  Let me
	know if you feel like we need to group together to finalize this issue
	and be sure we are on the same page.  Otherwise, I would ask that
	Maggie or Hasan do a final results email and let us know what the
	outcome is.  Thanks for everyone's help on getting this issue behind us.
	Lynn

I agree with Hasan, changing the "Scheduled Quantities Report" to "Operator Scheduled Quantities Report".  Leave the meter bounce off the name since the meter bounce is an internal option only.

Maggie

The view in TMS that is used for submitting shipper scheduled quantity reports is also used for submitting Meter Bounce Report and Operator Scheduled Quantity Report.  I agree with Maggie, Terry and everyone else who has pointed out this fact and also that the new scheduled quantity reports are available only for shippers.

My recommendation will be that we remove the ability to submit the old Shipper Scheduled Quantity report and leave in place the ability to submit either the Operator Scheduled Quantity or Meter Bounce report.  Below is a snap shot of options currently on the TMS launcher

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

I would also suggest that we change options on the TMS launcher.  Where it currently says 'Scheduled Quantities Report' change it to say something like 'Operator Scheduled Quantity/Meter Bounce'.

thanks

	Maggie, Terry and Hasan, I would like to meet with you and Sheila to review both reports
	before we turn anything off. How about 1:00 Tuesday, October 9th in my office or Sheila's
	office?  Thanks. Lynn

Hasan,

The new Service Requestor Report does not have operator information and the Scheduled Quantity Report does have the operator option.  We need to discuss this further before making a decision to turn the old reports off.

Maggie

All,
some time back we implemented shipper and operator scheduled quantity reports in TMS that were designed to replace the ones that existed at the time.  Since the format of the new reports was slightly different from the old ones, the idea was to wane users off the old ones.  Unfortunately, that has not happened and we are in a situation where we are having to maintain two set of reports that are used for same information.

At this time we would like to take the opportunity to turn off the old reports as part of changes implemented on 10/13.

Thanks

    Shelley, here are the four PAA's for the people who tested the flowing gas.
    This does not include Larry or Legale.  Brad, Rick and I are discussing
    how to handle these two. 
 
    The attached PAA's are for Kathy Sturr, Diana Porter, Renee Perry and Jean Adams.
 
    If you have any questions, please let me know.   Thanks. Lynn
 

=09The attached was sent to all the attendees at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting=
.  Thought
=09you might be interested in reviewing the summary.  If you have any quest=
ions, please
=09let me know.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637)

=09
Attached are two follow-up documents from Shelley Corman, Brad Holmes and L=
ynn Blair with
reference to the 2001 Winter Operations Meeting breakout sessions.

 =20

Sharon Brown
ETS Gas Control
713-853-5660

	Lisa, I will not be able to walk, but put me down for $25.00 for you.  Thanks. Lynn

    
Well, I can't believe another year has passed, but it has.  Sunday, October 28th  is the Juvenile Diabetes Walk for a Cure! Again this year, I'm recruiting walkers for my team or simply asking for your support.  I know you hate to hear those pleading calls for more of your money, but I'm going to ask anyway - most of you know me well!  You see I have to.  As an insulin dependent diabetic myself, it is my obligation to do what I can to support every effort to find a cure for this disease which affects so many adults and children!  I know many of you see me deal with this disease everyday as I face it each time I put food in my mouth.  I follow my meals religiously with a shot of insulin along with several finger sticks a day to check my blood sugar.  It was only 4 years ago that I was diagnosed with diabetes, but your dollars are making a difference.  Within 2 years, they are expecting to be able to release insulin that can be inhaled which would eliminate the painful injections.  

I know that you have been inundated with organizations seeking your support to fund their projects and this has been especially true this year, but I hope that you will consider JDF one of the few that you continue to support as I do.  Please consider joining my team or one of the many other Enron teams and help us find a cure for Diabetes!  An Enron JDF t-shirt will be given to each walker or sponsor who contributes $25.00 or more!  If $25.00 isn't in your budget, you can purchase a "JDF Shoe" for only $5.00 and it will be posted at the Big E Caf? on October 26th.  As always, your contributions are matched by Enron!  Thanks for your support and I hope to see you on the 28th!

Lisa Sawyer

	Thought I would send this to you to approve.  Thanks. Lynn

The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Timothy  . Cooper
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Customer Lunches
Report Total: $625.61
Amount Due Employee: $625.61

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
http://expensexms.enron.com

Sheila, good to hear from you.  The meeting went very well. although I was very nervous about this one.
Good response from the customers.  We had approximately 80 customers at the meeting.  I think
that is a record.  Call me when you feel like it and I tell you more.  Hope you are feeling well.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,  how did the meeting go?  Did you get good participation?  Also, how did the customers like the training session?  Sheila

All,

The presentations have been posted to NNG's "Download" Site at <http://www.nng.enron.com/dob/etfr_downloads.html> at the bottom of the page. These presentations will be hard to email due to the size of the them.  My suggestion would be if a customer wants to save the presentations on their PC, the easiest way to do this is:

1. Right mouse click on the presentation link
2. "Save target as"
3. Pick the directory where you want to save it
4. Click on "save"

This will download the presentation or presentations they wish to save to their PC.

Thx,

Toby

	Todd, I'll be glad to lead the discussion.  Is this informal or do I have to
	have a formal presentation?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
We lost our discussion leader for the "mismatches during ID2" topic.  Are
you interested in leading a discussion on this issue?  I think it is
important as there is no GISB solution and we have to deal with this
everyday.  Kathy Royal was going to discuss El Paso's solution, but all of
the El Paso and CIG people had to cancel.
Thank you,

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
California Gas Transmission
Pacific Gas & Electric Company
415.973.1386

	Todd, I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as
meeting you.  I wanted to let you know
	ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting.
Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics
	group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend.
Please add Theresa on any future emails.  Her
	email address is theresa.hess@enron.com.  In talking with
Sheryl, I think you are all booked up for the
	Sunday activity, but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a
cancellation.

	One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting:  is the
"mis matches" across interconnecting
	pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle.  This is still a concern for
the Enron pipes and I wold like to know
	if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these
mismatches.  If you would like
	to discuss further, please call me (713) 853-7637.

	Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21.
Thanks. Lynn

>  -----Original Message-----

	Large.  Thanks. Lynn

Thanks.  What size t-shirt?

	Lisa, I will not be able to walk, but put me down for $25.00 for you.  Thanks. Lynn

    
Well, I can't believe another year has passed, but it has.  Sunday, October 28th  is the Juvenile Diabetes Walk for a Cure! Again this year, I'm recruiting walkers for my team or simply asking for your support.  I know you hate to hear those pleading calls for more of your money, but I'm going to ask anyway - most of you know me well!  You see I have to.  As an insulin dependent diabetic myself, it is my obligation to do what I can to support every effort to find a cure for this disease which affects so many adults and children!  I know many of you see me deal with this disease everyday as I face it each time I put food in my mouth.  I follow my meals religiously with a shot of insulin along with several finger sticks a day to check my blood sugar.  It was only 4 years ago that I was diagnosed with diabetes, but your dollars are making a difference.  Within 2 years, they are expecting to be able to release insulin that can be inhaled which would eliminate the painful injections.  

I know that you have been inundated with organizations seeking your support to fund their projects and this has been especially true this year, but I hope that you will consider JDF one of the few that you continue to support as I do.  Please consider joining my team or one of the many other Enron teams and help us find a cure for Diabetes!  An Enron JDF t-shirt will be given to each walker or sponsor who contributes $25.00 or more!  If $25.00 isn't in your budget, you can purchase a "JDF Shoe" for only $5.00 and it will be posted at the Big E Caf? on October 26th.  As always, your contributions are matched by Enron!  Thanks for your support and I hope to see you on the 28th!

Lisa Sawyer

	Todd, sounds good to me.  Iike that better than a formal presentation.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
I don't think the discussion will be too formal.  I was thinking that you
could introduce the topic by talking about the history and background and
the situation it has put your pipeline(s) in. Our goal is get people to
understand the root of the problem, get them to understand how different
pipelines are affected by the problem depending on far they are from the
supply. Then we could go around the room and ask people about their
experiences with the problem and how they are dealing with it.  What do you
think?

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
Gas System Operations
415.973.1386

     Todd, I'll be glad to lead the discussion.  Is this informal or do I
have to
     have a formal presentation?  Thanks. Lynn

    -----Original Message-----
   Lynn,
   We lost our discussion leader for the "mismatches during ID2" topic.
   Are
   you interested in leading a discussion on this issue?  I think it is
   important as there is no GISB solution and we have to deal with this
   everyday.  Kathy Royal was going to discuss El Paso's solution, but all
   of
   the El Paso and CIG people had to cancel.
   Thank you,

   Todd Hudson
   Information Systems Analyst
   California Gas Transmission
   Pacific Gas & Electric Company
   415.973.1386

   -----Original Message-----
      Todd, I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as
   meeting you.  I wanted to let you know
      ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting.
   Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics
      group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend.
   Please add Theresa on any future emails.  Her
      email address is theresa.hess@enron.com.  In talking with
   Sheryl, I think you are all booked up for the
      Sunday activity, but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a
   cancellation.

      One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting:  is the
   "mis matches" across interconnecting
      pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle.  This is still a concern for
   the Enron pipes and I wold like to know
      if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these
   mismatches.  If you would like
      to discuss further, please call me (713) 853-7637.

      Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21.
   Thanks. Lynn

   >  -----Original Message-----
   **********************************************************************
   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
   and
   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
   reply
   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
   all
   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
   a
   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
   be
   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
   Thank you.
   **********************************************************************

	Alma, please include Terry Kowalke and Darrell Schoolcraft.  Thanks. Lynn

All:  

As part of the TW Negotiated Rate Settlement Hearing, it has been suggested that the following modification to CAS and other associated systems be made:

EBB sytem that allows a shipper interested in capacity to simply enter a receipt and delivery point; the system will automatically let the interested shipper know how much, if any, capacity is available (advantage: although it doesn't provide the IS's the "last look" auction their looking for, it at least provides an open process for anybody that is interested to find out if capacity is available (eliminates any claim of "tortious process"); disadvantage: feasibility and cost are unknown at this time).

This was drafted by an attorney without considerable consultation with Gas Logistics.  

A settlement offer that includes minor tariff changes will be provided to the parties in the proceeding this week.  Although this will buy some time, a scope and cost estimate needs to be determined so that if the modification above is offered, we know what the cost is.    

Alma:  Please schedule a 1 hour meeting with anyone on the distribution and if anyone else should be included, please let Alma know.  

Brad

	Jennifer, how long has this been a problem?  Is there a concern we have caused
	customers problems in nominating due to bad information?  Thanks. Lynn

Yesterday we noticed a problem where reports were not reporting on the correct cycle, or were not picking up information between cycles.  As it turns out, an important table was not being replicated from the application database to the reporting database.  

I was told that this problem has been fixed, and on first inspection of the tables, everything looks correct.

	Thanks Gerry.  I did not pick up on that.  Lynn

This was an issue for testing in model office.  It did not affect production.  

	Jennifer, how long has this been a problem?  Is there a concern we have caused
	customers problems in nominating due to bad information?  Thanks. Lynn

Yesterday we noticed a problem where reports were not reporting on the correct cycle, or were not picking up information between cycles.  As it turns out, an important table was not being replicated from the application database to the reporting database.  

I was told that this problem has been fixed, and on first inspection of the tables, everything looks correct.

	Richard, did this get properly taken care of?  Thanks. Lynn

[Hanagriff, Richard]  Will these new rates be entered so the reps can generate the revised invoices?
  
FYI - In working to load rates for the FERC California reporting requirements, it appears that for the last four months Duke Energy T & M contract #27291 has not been billed the incremental fee of $0.06/dth for alternate deliveries to the Cal Border (over and above the base discount negotiated for the contracted primary points).

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
Elizabeth
x3-6928

	Todd, that will be perfect.  I think we will have a very good discussion.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
I've also enlisted Mike Rasmuson from Northwest Pipeline to talk about his
pipeline's experiences with the problem.

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
Gas System Operations
415.973.1386

     Todd, sounds good to me.  Iike that better than a formal presentation.
Thanks. Lynn

    -----Original Message-----
   Lynn,
   I don't think the discussion will be too formal.  I was thinking that
   you
   could introduce the topic by talking about the history and background
   and
   the situation it has put your pipeline(s) in. Our goal is get people to
   understand the root of the problem, get them to understand how different
   pipelines are affected by the problem depending on far they are from the
   supply. Then we could go around the room and ask people about their
   experiences with the problem and how they are dealing with it.  What do
   you
   think?

   Todd Hudson
   Information Systems Analyst
   Gas System Operations
   415.973.1386

   -----Original Message-----
        Todd, I'll be glad to lead the discussion.  Is this informal or do
   I
   have to
        have a formal presentation?  Thanks. Lynn

       -----Original Message-----
      Lynn,
      We lost our discussion leader for the "mismatches during ID2" topic.
      Are
      you interested in leading a discussion on this issue?  I think it is
      important as there is no GISB solution and we have to deal with this
      everyday.  Kathy Royal was going to discuss El Paso's solution, but
   all
      of
      the El Paso and CIG people had to cancel.
      Thank you,

      Todd Hudson
      Information Systems Analyst
      California Gas Transmission
      Pacific Gas & Electric Company
      415.973.1386

      -----Original Message-----
         Todd, I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as
      meeting you.  I wanted to let you know
         ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting.
      Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics
         group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend.
      Please add Theresa on any future emails.  Her
         email address is theresa.hess@enron.com.  In talking with
      Sheryl, I think you are all booked up for the
         Sunday activity, but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a
      cancellation.

         One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting:  is the
      "mis matches" across interconnecting
         pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle.  This is still a concern for
      the Enron pipes and I wold like to know
         if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these
      mismatches.  If you would like
         to discuss further, please call me (713) 853-7637.

         Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21.
      Thanks. Lynn

      >  -----Original Message-----
   **********************************************************************
      This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant
   affiliate
      and
      may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
   the
      intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure
   by
      others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient
   (or
      authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender
   or
      reply
      to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
      all
      copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are
   not
      intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or
   evidence
      a
      binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
      affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may
   not
      be
      relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
   otherwise.
      Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

	Shelley, we have established Monday afternoon after Steve Harris' staff
	meeting to meet and discuss:

		1.  TW Shipper Imbalance Status

		2.  OBA termination/Resolution 

	We will stay in the conference room on 13.

	Just wanted to let you know this is replacing our Tuesday morning meeting
	which was not working well since everyone moved.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Terry, please review and let me know if this sounds OK.  Thanks. Lynn

	We met with SoCal today to discuss the changes SoCal is making for
	November 1.  Here is a high level recap in relation to impacts on TW:

	1.  SoCal will NOT set the capacity at needles lower than 750 unless
	     they have operational problems. And they will maintain 750 for a gas 
	     day (during all cycles).  (Good news for TW)

	2.  SoCal may set a capacity higher than 750.  If they do, they will
	     maintain that capacity for a gas day (during all cycles), unless there
	     are specific operational problems. (Good news for TW)
	   
	4.  SoCal will have the option to call OFO's at the beginning of each cycle
	     for the gas day.  Today they only call an OFO before the gas day begins.
	     Starting Nov. 1, they can call an OFO anytime before a GISB cycle,
	     including Intraday 1 and Intraday 2 which are cycles in the gas day. (This
	     will be a major impact to SoCal's customers)

	5.  SoCal says the "windowing" is gone.  But, they are still giving us a
	     capacity and TW will continue to do the allocation if nominations
	     exceed their capacity.

	6.  SoCal can still reduce the scheduled volumes after an allocation.  This
	     would be due to SoCal's market not burning their schedule.  At that
	     time SoCal will confirm down to the market burn.

	Overall, our process does not change. If you have any questions, please
	let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	Charlie, let me try calling Delaine in the morning and ask her who is next
	in the chain of command I should visit with on this issue.  Let's see what
	kind of a response I get.  If that does not work, then Mike or Shelley
	may need to call.  I will let you know.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Do you want to contact Delaine or should I.  In light of Stan & Dave Neubauer's, "get disputes on the table and settled quickly" direction I believe we need to bump this up a notch!  Should Mike Nelson or Shelly Corman call/write Greg Phillips?

Charlie

I never heard anything from Oneok on pulling a sample at Mt. Jesus, no one from Oneok or from a consulting firm ever called.  Have you heard anything?

            We met with SoCal today to discuss the changes SoCal is making for
	November 1.  Here is a high level recap in relation to impacts on TW:

	1.  SoCal will NOT set the capacity at needles lower than 750 unless
	     they have operational problems. And they will maintain 750 for a gas 
	     day (during all cycles).  (Good news for TW)

	2.  SoCal may set a capacity higher than 750.  If they do, they will
	     maintain that capacity for a gas day (during all cycles), unless there
	     are specific operational problems. (Good news for TW)
	   
	4.  SoCal will have the option to call OFO's at the beginning of each cycle
	     for the gas day, which could cause a confirmation reduction.  Today they
	     only call an OFO before the gas day begins.   Starting Nov. 1, they can 
	     call an OFO anytime before a GISB cycle, including Intraday 1 and 
	     Intraday 2 which are cycles in the gas day. (This will be a major impact
	     to SoCal's customers)

	5.  SoCal says the "windowing" is gone.  But, they are still giving us a
	     capacity and TW will continue to do the allocation if nominations
	     exceed their capacity.

	6.  SoCal can still reduce the scheduled volumes after an allocation.  This
	     would be due to SoCal's market not burning their schedule.  At that
	     time SoCal will confirm down to the market burn.

	Overall, our process does not change. If you have any questions, please
	let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	Todd, I am planning on attending.  Thanks. Lynn Blair

Interconnect Forum Participants:

We're looking forward to seeing you all soon, and thought we'd send our
latest agenda to you in case you would like to comment.

*	What is our purpose?
*	Nominations & Contracting Systems best practices/benchmarking.
*	Balancing solutions for problems caused by timing issues in the
Intraday 2 cycle.
*	Hourly Scheduling - presentation by Reliant Energy Gas Transmission
and discussion.
*	GISB 1.5 discussion- Capacity Release standards, Title Transfer
Tracking, 637 Segmentation.

Some folks who had previously confirmed attendance have cancelled due to our
recent tragic events.  Because of this, we would like to reconfirm your
attendance at this time.  Your RSVP is requested by this Friday so that we
can continue our planning with the most current information (for Sunday and
Monday please).

Thank you,

Todd Hudson
Information Systems Analyst
California Gas Transmission
Pacific Gas & Electric Company
415.973.1386

	Tracy, thanks for staying on top of this.  It is my understanding the $6500 is for old
	Shipper imbalances and cleans up all of Dynegy.  Thanks Lynn

We received a wire payment from Dynegy Gas Transportation on 10/5/01. They are clear now.

Thanks,

Summary since 8/31/01

Balance at 8/31                           $   938,517

Change due to scheduling            $ (   50,381)
Payments received                      $ ( 252,265)

Balance at 10/08/01                     $   634,261  

See attached for detail

 << File: shipsummary.xls >> 

	Ricki, the imbalance meeting will be at 3:30 on Mondays in 1336.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, you need her to attend this meeting Monday only, and what is the time & place.

Thanks, Ricki

Please add to my calendar

	Shelley, we have established Monday afternoon after Steve Harris' staff
	meeting to meet and discuss:

		1.  TW Shipper Imbalance Status

		2.  OBA termination/Resolution 

	We will stay in the conference room on 13.

	Just wanted to let you know this is replacing our Tuesday morning meeting
	which was not working well since everyone moved.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Yes, I am available.  Thanks. Lynn

Greg @ VEPCO called and wants to have a conference call to discuss SMS on Friday at 1:30.  Is everyone available?

Shelley, I am available to meet through lunch.  Thanks. Lynn

Too much partying yesterday -- so I didn't finish my homework.  I'm still working on the slides and probably will be during the Commission meeting.  So I'll send them to you by 10:30 AM of so.  If you are available to edit them during a working lunch in my office let me know.

	Sheila, I have you on my calendar for 9:00 Friday.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,  I need to discuss with you how the PRC process was completed on the teams mid-year.  Would you be available Friday at 9 am?  Thks! Sheila

I will be on vacation through October 24.  For assistance, please contact Dan Batista- x36609 or Brian Schaffer- x58882.

Thanks,

Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@enron.com

	Penny and Michelle, I met with Larry Berger, Terry Kowalke and Raetta Zadow this morning
	to review yesterday's meeting on the concerns for DDVC's at "small customer delivery points"
	on the southend of NNG's system. Through our discussions, here are a few ideas including some
	of yesterday's discussion.  These ideas may be somewhat out of the norm, but we thought we
	would at least  throw them on the table.

	1.  If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries, then Oneok should agree with us to lift the requirement
	     that the supply has to be upstream of the delivery in the Bushton Universe.  It can still be
	     required in the "Bushton Universe", just not as restrictive as it is today.

	2.  If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries, then Oneok should allow us to do storage true ups
	     at 8:00 a.m. at the end of the gas day to eliminate DDVC.

	3.  If these deliveries are on Firm contracts, can we sell them SMS to cover these small volumes
	     even though they are in the field area?

	4.  Richfield Storage point - (I am not sure it is even active)  -  Could we get Oneok to agree to 
	     allow true ups if we are supplying the true up with gas coming from the Richfield storage point?
	     I am sure this alternative would need to include the storage group.

	We would be glad to participate in any future discussions.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	We rely on the information from the Process Responsibility meeting to post 
	weekend coverage to the WEB.  The coverage is posted by Tuesday morning
	on the WEB, which is a commitment we have made to our customers.

	Please ensure you do NOT change any coverage after the Process meeting.
	You should have the right information going into Monday's meeting.

	It does not look good to continually repost this information.

	If you have any questions, please let me know.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, did you get my message about possibly going to LA?  Looks like I am going
	unless cost is ridiculous.  Attached is the hotel I would stay in for Wed. night
	and possibly Thursday night, depending on what you find out with flights.
	Let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

 Lynn, here is the link to the Embassy Suites in Downey.  This should provide you with all the information.  
Also, could you please call Joyce Lloyd at (213) 244-3717 or email her at jlloyd@socalgas.com. to confirm your attendance for Thursday's meeting.
Thanks, Pat 
   http://www.embassysuites.com/en/es/hotels/index.jhtml?ctyhocn=LAXDWES&bhref=http%3A%2F%2Fgo.vicinity.com%2Fhiltonww%2FPrxGeoFind.d%3FDBCOUNT%3D1%26isHL%3D1%26AD2%3D%26AD4%3DUS%26DBR%3D40%26AD3%3DDowney%26STATE%3DCA%26FC%3Des%26brand%3Des%26jsessionid%3DRA2BEQ1OEOARVJ31AOR2NIQ&bhjs=1&bhsw=1024&bhsh=768&bhswi=930&bhshi=592&bhflver=5&bhdir=1&bhje=1&bhcold=16&bhrl=3&bhqt=0&bhmp=1&bhab=-1&bhmpex=6,4,7,1112&bhflex=5,0,42,0&bhdirex=8,5,0,324&bhcont=lan
 <<Embassy Suites Hotel Los Angeles-Downey.url>>   
 - Embassy Suites Hotel Los Angeles-Downey.url 

	
	Attached is the supplemental PAA form that needs to be filled out with the
	form Shelley sent.  

		 
	Thanks. Lynn

	Terry and John, is there a master list that we all use for the phoneburst we send
	out?  If so, who keeps it updated?  

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Michelle said the Third Party Storage Tariff sheet is #304.  Thanks. Lynn

	Mike, the other question Michelle had, "Does NNG Contracts have a written procedure for
	approval of this type of contract?  Please check with Linda Trevino.  We are to meet with
	Michelle at 10:30 Friday morning.  Thanks. Lynn

	I have reviewed to orders issued by FERC.  They state "Pipelines acquiring upstream capacity without prior Commission approval will be "at-risk" for the cost of that capacity".  This means that Northern will need to track both the costs and revenues associated with offsystem transactions.  We believe that in tracking the revenues we can track by contract.  

	Therefore, I believe in the meeting that if we needed to track these transactions Sue's group would maintain a manual spreadsheet for all off-system transactions.

	We also said Dan Fancler would need to review and determine how we would track the revenues thru the accounting side.  

	I believe we have provided the answers we committed to in the meeting yesterday for today.  I plan to meet with Lynn B. tomorrow to discuss nominations, contract approval processes and other stuff.....  I'll let you know where we are as things develop.  thanks MW

Based on our meeting 10/9/2001, I would like to propose the following accounting procedures for expensing in-kind fuel.

Case A:  In October 500,000 dts moves offsystem with only 486,000 dts expected to be returned to NNG in January.

NNG moves 500,000 dts from physical inventory to Offsystem inventory. No accounting entry made to the G/L.

Gas Accounting would reduce Offsystem inventory 14,000 dts to reflect in-kind fuel reduction in the same month the next NNG gas purchase transaction occurs (FIFO inventory method).  Reducing the Offsystem storage will cause UAF to increase, however purchasing gas for Operational Storage and not recording it to Operational Storage will offset the UAF increase.  If the next gas purchase transaction occurs in December at $3.00 then we would reduce Offsystem Storage Inventory by 14,000 dts in December production.  December UAF would not be affected.

Recorded in December:
Debit 858 3rd Party Transport exp		14,000 * $3.00 = $42,000
	Credit A/P							($42,000)

Procedural Note:  All Third Party Offsystem storage statements must be forwarded to Gas Accounting (Dan Fancler) in order to reconcile the Physical to the Books.  Reconciling items such as in-kind fuel reductions will be reported to Storage Marketing noting that purchases for in-kind fuel replacements are needed.

If NNG purchases 100,000 dt for Operational Storage in December, then 14,000 dts would be carved out as in-kind fuel replacement and recorded to 858 (3rd party transport), the remaining 86,000 dts would be recorded as Operational Storage purchase and encroachment.  We may wish for the vender to issue two invoices.

Case B	 In October 500,000 dts moves offsystem, NNG purchases the in-kind replacement on Transok's system and 500,000  dts is expected to be returned to NNG in January.

NNG moves 500,000 dts from physical inventory to Offsystem inventory. No accounting entry made to the G/L.
NNG does not reduce the offsystem physical inventory.

Recorded in month of purchase on Transok's system:
Debit 858 3rd Party Transport exp		14,000 * $3.00 = $42,000
	Credit A/P							($42,000)

In both cases all transactions are recorded outside of operational storage, but gives Marketing some flexibility on when the in-kind replacement takes place but still follows a logical methodology (FIFO replacement). 

	Ava, do you keep track of the Phoneburst list?  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

If my memory serves me correctly, it was Pattie and now I would like to think it is Ava. 

	Terry and John, is there a master list that we all use for the phoneburst we send
	out?  If so, who keeps it updated?  

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Terry and Richard, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

FYI, Kim.

Earlier this year I requested that the Enron litigation unit file suit against Oasis Dairy for collection of unpaid transport bills on TW.  The suit was filed in the fifth judicial district court in Chaves County, NM.  

On October 1, 2001, TW was granted summary judgement in the case by the court in the amount of $29,250.56 inclusive of back interest and attorney fees.  This amount will continue to accrue interest at 8.75% per annum until paid by Oasis.  

If you would like a copy of the judgement, please let me know.

kh

	Ava, have you been keeping track of  the people responding to the invitation?
	Thanks. Lynn

Jo Williams and Kent Miller will be in Houston for the Brown Bag Mtg

	I think there intent was to be very general.  You have the right sheet.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, that tariff sheet is just one small paragraph and makes a pretty general statement re: Off-System Services so maybe I don't have the latest sheet yet (or that was their intent to be pretty general) - my sheet is dated August 1, 2001.

Thanks,

Raetta

	Michelle said the Third Party Storage Tariff sheet is #304.  Thanks. Lynn

	Jodie, when you have time let's discuss.  Overall I am OK with plan, but had a question about who
	was monitoring imbalances.  Sounds like Marketing is instead of Gas Logistics?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,  please review and provide any comments.  Hopefully this will help the communications when facilities are new or reactivated.  
							j.  floyd

Sorry for the incorrect date of response, I'm only 30 days behind!

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Ronnie Brickman
10/01/2001 09:28 AM
Here is the procedures document that we talked about on the c. call.

Please review and provide feedback to either myself or Gary Anderson by close of the day on 10-8-2001. We would like to get this implemented ASAP so that approval can be done and the procedure put in to practice.

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Ronnie Brickman
09/25/2001 04:05 PM
Gary,

I have tryed to put what you wrote up into a Word format with the proper Procedures headings included.
See what you think, add, subtract, delete, whatever and maybe we can go forward with the approval of the draft to be implemented.

RB

 << File: Facility Commissioning.doc >> 

	So is there nothing for us to do?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn

The amount referenced by Kevin was probably written by Debbie about a year ago.

	Terry and Richard, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

FYI, Kim.

Earlier this year I requested that the Enron litigation unit file suit against Oasis Dairy for collection of unpaid transport bills on TW.  The suit was filed in the fifth judicial district court in Chaves County, NM.  

On October 1, 2001, TW was granted summary judgement in the case by the court in the amount of $29,250.56 inclusive of back interest and attorney fees.  This amount will continue to accrue interest at 8.75% per annum until paid by Oasis.  

If you would like a copy of the judgement, please let me know.

kh

	Shelley, FYI.  Thought you might want for Monday's staff meeting	

	Donna, you may want to incorporate some of this in the weekly bullets.  Thanks. Lynn

Rick and Lynn,

I just wanted to give you an official memo that the NNG Flowing Gas Documents are now online with both the Reservation, Commodity, Variance and Imbalance invoices and their supporting documents.  NNG Customers are able to view both the Aug and Sep 2001 accounting month reports.  The customer can also view the 5 original Flowing Gas documents (Contract Imbalance, Shipper Imbalance, Invoices (Reservation and Commodity only), Allocation, and Measurement Information) from May 2000 to Aug 2001 accounting months via a hyperlink to Actuate.

During the next couple of months, I will still be working with the NNG reps and customers on various issues regarding the Flowing Gas reports: for instance, researching why the customer cannot access certain documents.   I will also be meeting with Legale and IT weekly on enhancements to Flowing Gas that are needed.

See me if you have questions.

Larry

	Raetta, are all our questions answered?  Thanks. Lynn

Gary, was wondering if you could let us know when these volumes will be corrected because of the rounding.  As I'm sure you know, we are starting to get more calls from our customers and we would like to reassure them that this problem will be corrected soon.

Thanks,

Raetta

Chris,
Gary Anderson has implemented a change request for reporting volumes to the customer. The requested change would have the volume statements round the same as the daily extract files.
There won't be adjustments made for the June volumes, instead, when the change goes in, the volume statements in June will reflect the rounded volume.
I don't know the exact time estimate for this change but it won't be in before the July close. You will be hearing more about this in the future.
Thanks to ya'll for being so patient with us.
Jeff

Gary,
I hope I have stated this correctly and if you have any comments they would be greatly appreciated.

Jeff,

Last month  after our Commodity close NNG has had customers calling with differences in the volumes we reported verses the volumes that Gas Measurement reported for the month of June 2001.  I think you are aware there  is a rounding issue with the volumes due to the decimals in the new PGAS system.  I don't know if this problem has been resolved or not but since July's close is quickly approaching I was wondering if you could give me the status on this problem and also if there will be adjustments made to the June volumes in PGAS to reflect the same volumes that we reported to our Customers? We appreciate all the efforts that you and Gas Measurement have made to make this transition period as smooth as possible,  thanks  for your assistance and I'm looking forward to hearing from you.

Chris Greaney 

		Richard, I'll bring you both checks tonight when I get home. Thanks for the reminder.  Lynn

Lynn, I was not sure when you were leaving town and I
got the invoice for Jewels.  Can you get me a check
tonight or this weekend?  Jewels was $260.
We'll also need the $500 for the filing fee.
I can also endorse the check from New Power.

Can we get this done some time this weekend?

Thanks,
Richard

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
http://personals.yahoo.com

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

In our effort to decide if we need to re-negotiate contract 101021 and 101073 with Duke to possibly eliminate the BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers and instead use the Gas Daily numbers, I have attached a spreadsheet that gives the Gas Daily and BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers for Mid 13 and Demarc.  Randy, could you please run the Gas Daily numbers in your calculation for the last 13 months?  We would like to see the bottom line impact between using the BTU Daily Gas Wire publication vs. the Gas Daily publication.  We are hoping this will give some insight on whether it would be beneficial to us to re-negotiate the 2 contracts. 
Thanks,
Courtney Barker
(402) 398-7130
 

		Ava, please schedule a meeting with all of the above people.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

We need to discuss the Oxy Strangers Gas issue.

Please let me know when you will be available.

Thanks,

Robert

	Courtney, Randy Janzen is out of the office until Tuesday.  Can we have him do this
	on Tuesday or do I need to have someone else run the spreadsheet?  Thanks. Lynn

In our effort to decide if we need to re-negotiate contract 101021 and 101073 with Duke to possibly eliminate the BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers and instead use the Gas Daily numbers, I have attached a spreadsheet that gives the Gas Daily and BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers for Mid 13 and Demarc.  Randy, could you please run the Gas Daily numbers in your calculation for the last 13 months?  We would like to see the bottom line impact between using the BTU Daily Gas Wire publication vs. the Gas Daily publication.  We are hoping this will give some insight on whether it would be beneficial to us to re-negotiate the 2 contracts. 
Thanks,
Courtney Barker
(402) 398-7130
 << File: Mid13_Demarc.xls >> 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

I am available Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning next week.

			Penny

Lynn,

We need to discuss the Oxy Strangers Gas issue.

Please let me know when you will be available.

Thanks,

Robert

	Mary and Steve, here is a high level recap of the presentation I am giving Marketing on
	Tuesday.  I would appreciate any thoughts or concerns you may have.

			 

	Maybe we can discuss at the 1:30 meeting Monday.  Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, wanted to pass this on to you.  Mike and I just talked about this and we are going
	to work with Richard and Reyna to be sure this cannot happen in the future.  (One of those
	surprises we were talking about earlier today).  Thanks. Lynn

I would recommend that we just have them nominate it out when it is convenient for TW and not charge them any additional fees.  Is there a procedure in place that will prevent us from missing a balance like this again? 

Sue

In analyzing shipper imbalance statements, Laura Giambrone discovered a PNR balance of 10,000 Dth on the above noted contract. The balance was parked on TW on April 26, 2000 and PNM paid a $0.03 per Dth/d fee in that month . TW has not billed PNR fees on the balance since May 1, 2000. PNM has not inquired about nor nominated the redelivery of the quantities held by TW.
How should this matter be handled?   

	Ava, fyi for scheduling this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I am scheduled to work the 2:00 pm to 10:00 pm shift beginning Monday October 15, 2001.

I am willing to come in at any time, due to the importance of this issue.

Thanks

Robert

I am available Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning next week.

			Penny

Lynn,

We need to discuss the Oxy Strangers Gas issue.

Please let me know when you will be available.

Thanks,

Robert

	FYI.  Just to keep you both in thel oop on some Oneok issues.  Thanks. Lynn

I received the following information from Oneok concerning the missing Mt. Jesus payments.  Lisa Voth, the condensate accountant for Oneok, stated she need the volume statements from Debbie Mosely reflecting the Mt.Jesus volumes and production periods.  Dan, do you have access to Debbie's spreadsheet statements?  If I can be of any assistance, please let me know.
Lynn, I left a message with Sherry Rodgers requesting all stranger gas statements dating back six months. 

Harry Woodson
Each month I receive run statements from third party vendors showing volumes
of condensate purchased during the month, I also receive field tickets to
match up to the statements.  In regards to the Mt. Jesus location, we do not
receive such documentation.  We have no way to distinguish if any volumes
were purchased from Mt. Jesus since we do not receive statements, nor
tickets.  Our trader, Jon Hanna received a spreadsheet showing volumes NNG
believes we owe for the Mt. Jesus location.  Can you send me the
documentation NNG is using to come up with these volumes.

Thank you,

Lisa Voth
Office:  (918) 732-1303
Fax:  (918) 588-7466

	Larry and Raetta, please work with Randy to ensure we get the anaylsis done
	and that we are all comfortable with the results.  Thanks. Lynn

Tuesday is fine, we would like to try and get this issue resolved by the end of the month.
Thanks, 
Courtney

	Courtney, Randy Janzen is out of the office until Tuesday.  Can we have him do this
	on Tuesday or do I need to have someone else run the spreadsheet?  Thanks. Lynn

In our effort to decide if we need to re-negotiate contract 101021 and 101073 with Duke to possibly eliminate the BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers and instead use the Gas Daily numbers, I have attached a spreadsheet that gives the Gas Daily and BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers for Mid 13 and Demarc.  Randy, could you please run the Gas Daily numbers in your calculation for the last 13 months?  We would like to see the bottom line impact between using the BTU Daily Gas Wire publication vs. the Gas Daily publication.  We are hoping this will give some insight on whether it would be beneficial to us to re-negotiate the 2 contracts. 
Thanks,
Courtney Barker
(402) 398-7130
 << File: Mid13_Demarc.xls >> 

	John and Terry, I want you two in on this discussion.  Thanks. Lynn

As this is the first info I've had on this I'd like to get Lynn involved in the conversation.  Please coordinate a time when we can all discuss.  I will be in the Minneapolis office all day Tuesday through Friday.

As you know, USE is agent for a number of small Carlton sourcers.  They have contracted with a single supplier to bring gas in at Carlton for all of USE's clients.  USE wants to bring each shipper's Carlton obligation gas in on the shippers' individual contracts.  Normally, the supplier would have to confirm separate nominations for each little shipper.  Debbie Burgess at USE asked Diana Porter if there was a way that the USE Supplier could nominate the gas to a single USE contract at Carlton, then USE would nominate the Carlton gas from that contract to all the little Carlton sourcers for whom they are agent.

I talked with Steve & Dari.  They did not feel there was any tariff/legal obstacle to letting USE do this, as long as the contract
can only be used to facilitate the Carlton sourcing obligation.

I talked with Terry Kowalke & Gerry Medeles.  The simplest approach would seem to be an Administrative contract (non-revenue) where USE's supplier would nominate deliveries to the Admin contract and USE would nominate gas from the Admin contract to its clients' individual firm contracts.  

Based on those conversations, I told Debbie that it sounded like we could work something out.

Problem:  Later, Gerry Medeles determined that, because Carlton has special scheduling logic in TMS, 
it will require at least 2 weeks worth of system changes to accommodate US Energy's request.
With the current work load, Gerry didn't think IT could get the changes made by November 1 
but may have something in place for December.

Should we pursue?

	Ava and Deb, can you print colored copies of this chart for the Tuesday meeting?
	I wanted to go ahead and send this since it may take you awhile to print.  The rest
	of the presentation will be coming on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn

 
John Buchanan

	Ava, we need to meet first thing Monday to see where you are on the Agenda for
	Tuesday's meeting plus I need this presentation in power point Mondy morning
	as well.  Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, please coordinate with Alma a time Rick, Larry and I can talk about the 
	flowing gas documents no accessible to customers.  Thanks. Lynn

I am very glad to hear that the key documents are up, running and accessible.  I would like to discuss the documents that the customers cannot access.  I would like to totally focus on the new contract system on Monday so Tuesday would fit my schedule better.

Rick

Rick and Lynn,

I just wanted to give you an official memo that the NNG Flowing Gas Documents are now online with both the Reservation, Commodity, Variance and Imbalance invoices and their supporting documents.  NNG Customers are able to view both the Aug and Sep 2001 accounting month reports.  The customer can also view the 5 original Flowing Gas documents (Contract Imbalance, Shipper Imbalance, Invoices (Reservation and Commodity only), Allocation, and Measurement Information) from May 2000 to Aug 2001 accounting months via a hyperlink to Actuate.

During the next couple of months, I will still be working with the NNG reps and customers on various issues regarding the Flowing Gas reports: for instance, researching why the customer cannot access certain documents.   I will also be meeting with Legale and IT weekly on enhancements to Flowing Gas that are needed.

See me if you have questions.

Larry

	On NNG and TW we had a quiet weekend.  

	Sunday's Gas Day  - Drafted 60,000 mmcf/d

	Monday - No draft

	Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, one more comment:  Pinnacle Terry is the only point shutin due to the ElPaso
	nitrogen issue.  John, Penny and Darrell are monitoring the situation.  John and Penny
	are working with legal and regulatory on a letter to be posted to the WEB.  Thanks. Lynn

	On NNG and TW we had a quiet weekend.  

	Sunday's Gas Day  - Drafted 60,000 mmcf/d

	Monday - No draft

	Thanks. Lynn

	Steve, there are no changes from last heating season.  We are just trying to
	refresh everyone's memor as to the current procedures.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, does this involve any changes in allocations since last heating season?  sjk

	Mary and Steve, here is a high level recap of the presentation I am giving Marketing on
	Tuesday.  I would appreciate any thoughts or concerns you may have.

			 << File: DEMARC ALLOCATION.doc >> 

	Maybe we can discuss at the 1:30 meeting Monday.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, 
I was aware of this.  Courtney and I have been working on this.  I will be in the office in the morning (Monday) and will make sure we get it back to her.

Randy

	Larry and Raetta, please work with Randy to ensure we get the anaylsis done
	and that we are all comfortable with the results.  Thanks. Lynn

Tuesday is fine, we would like to try and get this issue resolved by the end of the month.
Thanks, 
Courtney

	 -----Original Message-----
		Courtney, Randy Janzen is out of the office until Tuesday.  Can we have him do this
		on Tuesday or do I need to have someone else run the spreadsheet?  Thanks. Lynn

		 -----Original Message-----
		In our effort to decide if we need to re-negotiate contract 101021 and 101073 with Duke to possibly eliminate the BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers and instead use the Gas Daily numbers, I have attached a spreadsheet that gives the Gas Daily and BTU Daily Gas Wire numbers for Mid 13 and Demarc.  Randy, could you please run the Gas Daily numbers in your calculation for the last 13 months?  We would like to see the bottom line impact between using the BTU Daily Gas Wire publication vs. the Gas Daily publication.  We are hoping this will give some insight on whether it would be beneficial to us to re-negotiate the 2 contracts. 
		Thanks,
		Courtney Barker
		(402) 398-7130
		 << File: Mid13_Demarc.xls >> 

	Jo,

	At Pinnacle Terry  there is only one shipper - Tristar Gas Marketing for 800 dth

	At Elpaso Keystone as of today Reliant is the only shipper for 14,000 dth.

	Is that the info you are looking for?  Thanks. Lynn

[Blair, Lynn]  	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn 
				

 

	Steve and Mary, here is our first pass at information on the branchline curtailment
	for the marketing meeting tomorrow.  

	We can use this for our discussion at 1:30.  

	Mary, we will call your office at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn

	I want to get together and discuss this before we call Dari or Rita.  
	Ava, please set up a time on Wednesday or Thursday.  Thanks. Lynn

I went over my Ft. Buford example with Scott.  He is comfortable that the present arrangement is fair to Border.
He was also concerned that NNG should not get into a problem with fuel.  Based on my conversations with Dan Fancler and my knowledge of the PRA process, I believe that fuel is being properly accounted for and retained (assuming Marketing believes that Bearpaw really is selling the gas to other shippers on NBPL who will bring an equivalent amount of gas back to NNG at Ventura or one of the other NNG/NBPL interconnects.)

I'm confused about the proposed Measurement Agreement vs. what we are currently doing.
It appears to change what is currently happening.  Do we want to do that if we think the current arrangement is working?
If so, we need to talk to Dan about how the accounting would need to change.

Paragraph 1:

During the month, the same number is scheduled & confirmed as received at Ft. Buford and delivered to Border, 
with no reduction for fuel & unaccounted for.

When actual measured volumes are available, the total quantity of gas measured through the suction side meters (WBI plus Bearpaw meters) is the quantity deemed to have been received into Fort Buford.  For the  (Bearpaw & whoever is coming in thru WBI), whatever is measured on the suction side is deemed to be delivered to Border with no reduction for fuel.
Any difference between metered receipts and scheduled volumes goes on NNG's OBAs with Bearpaw and WBI.

However, for Border, the actual quantity deemed delivered out of Ft. Buford and into Border is the total receipt quantity LESS 1.66% fuel (which may be change from time to time to reflect the configuration and operation of the station) .  

Paragraph 3.
Northern, not Border, does the fuel calculation.  NNG's measurement system takes the total quantity of gas measured thru the suction side meters less a use and unaccounted percentage (currently 1.66%).  The result becomes the quantity delivered into Border at Ft. Buford.

The calculated fuel amount is booked by Dan Fancler/Kasey Davis as part of the Market Area fuel consumed and is recovered under the PRA as part of NNG's Market Area fuel rate.  

Do we need to provide Border with a month end summary of fuel used if the number we use for their actual delivered volume does not include fuel?

Paragraph 4
(This doesn't affect the agreement, but it's something NNG should consider.)
If NNG makes changes at Ft. Buford to increase the capacity as proposed, won't we need to recalculate the appropriate fuel rate?

Paragraph 5
NNG does not need to reimburse Northern Border for use and unaccounted gas since we deduct the fuel from the number used as the actual delivery to Border at Ft. Buford.

Any difference between the deliveries scheduled into Border and the actual metered volume (less fuel) is booked to the NNG/NBPL OBA at Ft. Buford, netted with amounts on OBAs at the other NBPL/NNG interconnects  and settled in-kind at any of the Parties' interconnects (usually Ventura).

GENERAL
The advantage that I see to the present method is that the volume on the delivery meter at Ft. Buford into Border 
is realistic in that its volume is the receipt volume less our best guess at what is burned at Buford for fuel and never
really reaches Border.  

	Sorry, here is the attachment.  Ignore previous email.  Thanks. Lynn

	Steve and Mary, here is our first pass at information on the branchline curtailment
	for the marketing meeting tomorrow.  

	We can use this for our discussion at 1:30.  

	Mary, we will call your office at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn

			
			 	

	Ava, please add the following as the second bullet

		OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS

			Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points?

	Steve and Mary, here is a seperate Agenda item for us to discuss at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn

		OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS

			Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points?

		Answer:  Carlton is the only authorized OFO point NNG has on their system
			  which we have done with the 250 at Carlton

			  We do not have this authority at all other points

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

I went to the eye doctor this morning and my left eye is looking great, better than he expected.  Since I am able to see 20/30 he decided to forego the temporary contact on my right eye and proceed with the surgery on the right eye.  He has scheduled me to have the Lasik surgery on my right eye this Friday, the 19th.  

If this causes a coverage problem, Robert has volunteered to come in early.  If there are any concerns please let me know.

Randy

	Mike, are you going to wait for input before sending this to Michelle?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached for your review and comment is an initial draft of procedures that Gas Logistics will follow in providing administrative support to 3rd Party storage transactions. Please take a few minutes to review and return to me any suggestions you may have on these procedures.
Thanks!

 

	Raetta, did you ever get a response on this?  Thanks. Lynn

Joni, I was wondering if you could find out for me who the Marketer is for Post Rock Gas.  The reason I would like to know is they are the last hold-out shipper as far as signing their extension agreement so that we can send them their Rate Case Refund invoices which are dated September 1, 1999.  I would like to see if a Marketer could call them to see if we could get them to sign so that we could finally get the last of these invoices sent out and cleared from our accounts receivable account.  If you have any questions, please let me know.

Thanks,

Raetta

		Have you heard any rumbles about Sheila's note?  Please let her know if you have.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava--would you please send out the following message to all the GL reps and cc Brad's team.  Thks! Sheila

Teams--Let me know if you've received calls from unhappy shippers regarding the removal of the "Scheduled Quantity reports for Shippers" in TMS!!  We've been getting miscellaneous messages that customers are unhappy with this change--need some immediate feedback!  Thks! Sheila

	Jean, I would like to order the BlackBerry.  My ID No. is 10028029.  Thanks. Lynn

You have been selected to receive either a BlackBerry or iPAQ if you feel it will meet your business needs.

The BlackBerry provides the following features:
Fully interactive - write, send, receive and respond to messages right from the unit
Synchronize all email composed and responded to via your handheld with your desktop email
Email responses from RIM handhelds appear exactly as if they came from your desktop email
Access web information including stock quotes, news, travel, sports, entertainment and more
Coverage that follows you nationwide - with no roaming fees
The iPAQ pocket PC is
Simple to use slim and powerful Pocket PC in a leek, elegant design
Wireless-ready access to email, internet/intranet, and corporate network
Modular expansion packs for expandability and flexibility
Industry-leading hand held capabilities for the enterprise
Extensive software suite

If you choose the BlackBerry device, it will also replace your current pager.
For more information or to schedule a preview of these devices call Jean McFarland at 51615. Upon ordering you will 
need to provide Jean McFarland an email with your name and external ID.  
(Your external ID is located in eHRonline.enron.com.  To find it, log in to eHRonline.enron.com.  Select Personal Information, then select other.
This will bring you to your personal info page.  Your external ID is located in approximately the middle of the page to the right of your SAP ID.)  

Please reply by Wednesday, October 24th.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call at 36136.

Regards,
Donna

test

	Hope this gets to you.  Look forward to seeing you this evening.

	Lynn

	
	I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes  coming that
	we need to discuss in the morning.

	1.  There may be a 10 day lag on pricing
	2.  The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator
		calculation. (as well as fuel)
	3.  We need to run a report to see how oftern (if at all) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts.

	Do you have any time Wed. morning?  What about 9:00 a.m. in my office?  If that
	doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Well, I wonder if you got my first message?  Here is the second one as
	
	you requested.  Hope your day is going well.

	See ya tonight.  Lynn

    I am fine with your explanation as well.  Is anyone complaining about only one person being able to
    view the info?  Thanks. Lynn

Thanks for the clarification, Larry.  I don't think we need to meet to discuss this issue.  I guess that I just misunderstood your initial message to imply that certain documents were still unaccessible to customers.  I'm satisfied.
 
Rick

Rick and Lynn, 

A customer can access all of NNG accounting documents( all invoices and their supporting documents).  However, due to tighter security coding in Business Objects compare to Actuate, reports are now only viewable by one party, instead of two parties. For example, at a poi where there is an agent and an operator, the agent is only able to view the Measurement Info, Daily Volume Allocation and Allocation statements.   IT is researching a fix to a situation like this.

If you still would like to meet with me to explain further, give a demo (or have  lunch meeting with just the three of us!), let me know.

Thanks 
Larry 

        Ava, please coordinate with Alma a time Rick, Larry and I can talk about the 
        flowing gas documents no accessible to customers.  Thanks. Lynn 

I am very glad to hear that the key documents are up, running and accessible.  I would like to discuss the documents that the customers cannot access.  I would like to totally focus on the new contract system on Monday so Tuesday would fit my schedule better.

Rick 

Rick and Lynn, 

I just wanted to give you an official memo that the NNG Flowing Gas Documents are now online with both the Reservation, Commodity, Variance and Imbalance invoices and their supporting documents.  NNG Customers are able to view both the Aug and Sep 2001 accounting month reports.  The customer can also view the 5 original Flowing Gas documents (Contract Imbalance, Shipper Imbalance, Invoices (Reservation and Commodity only), Allocation, and Measurement Information) from May 2000 to Aug 2001 accounting months via a hyperlink to Actuate.

During the next couple of months, I will still be working with the NNG reps and customers on various issues regarding the Flowing Gas reports: for instance, researching why the customer cannot access certain documents.   I will also be meeting with Legale and IT weekly on enhancements to Flowing Gas that are needed.

See me if you have questions. 

Larry 

	Bob, I will be out of the office on Monday, Oct. 22nd., but Donna and John can work with
	Williams and the team to meet on MOPS scheduling.  I would like for you to meet with
	Donna and John before the 22nd to be sure we are comfortable with what information to
	pass back and forth.  

	John, would you take the lead working with Donna and Bob to cover the meeting on Monday.

	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I got a call from Dan McVay, the senior commercial guy at Williams Field Service this evening, and he relayed a request from his scheduling group in Tulsa.  They would like to visit with the team involved with the scheduling and nomination process for MOPS on Monday, Oct 22nd., probably most the day  This is in anticipation of their assuming responsibilities for the system.  They would like to observe the process and the procedures we go through everyday to administer the pipe. They will still require an interim period whereby we provide these services for them until they modify their computer systems, but this visit will allow them to qualify the task that they need to capture, and let them see what system changes they will need.

Thanks, 

Bob

	Hey, I got your message and you can flirt with me any time.  Lynn

Just seeing if I can send out a message.   Actually, I just wanted an excuse to flirt with you.
 
WD

	Tom, we would be glad to do a timeline review.  I will be out of town until next Wednesday.
	
	John, would you please give Tom a call and work with Ava to set up a time for us to review.
	Tom, did a "brown bag" session work for you guys from 11:30 to 1:00?  If so, we can go
	that route again.
	
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, since we were unable to get to the review of the nomination process during today's brown bag lunch, there are several of us here in Omaha who would appreciate a follow up session to review the basics of the nomination and confirmation process.  Please let me know if we can get this lined up.  Thanks,

Tom Halpin
Enron Transportation Services
402-398-7334
Tom.Halpin@enron.com

	Sounds like we are getting quite a bit more feed back.  We better re-group first
	thing in the morning.  Is everyone available at 8:30?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI
John, Please don't kill the messenger, but Lamar Power called along with CMS Marketing today asking that the Scheduled Quantities Report please be reinstated.  This report included receipt and delivery volumes, a summary, as well as, Month to date information. The new report gives them very little to work with and a lot of information they don't need on this report.

This is currently under discussion but no decision has been made yet, try and work with the customer with the new report.

JWB

FYI - CMS Continental is asking for this report to be re-instated.

Jean

	I think it would be very prudent to put something on the WEB.  We talked about this at the
	Winter Ops meeting and it would be good to have another reminder.

	John, would you work with Michelle and Bill to get a posting on the WEB since I will be
	out of town.  Thanks. Lynn

	Bill & Lynn - What do you think of Ranelle's suggestion regarding a notice on the Website?

	Linda - Will these points be inactivated in the POI system effective Nov. 1?  

	Please advise  MW

Michele,
I just found a note that I had written to myself about posting on the web site a notice to remind the Reverse Auction shippers that effective Nov. 1, they wouldn't be able to nominate to the Reverse Auction point anymore.  It may be worth it to check with Bill Fowler and/or Lynn Blair to see if they think this would be beneficial.  Do you want to follow up on this?
Ranelle  

	Raetta and Larry, is there anything special we can do now to make January's re-bill easier?
	Thanks. Lynn

Northern is close to a Settlement with our customers involving Carlton and the SLA.

This will entail some special invoice processing.

We expect to file revised Reservation, TI Commodity and Carlton surcharge rates to be effective November 1, 2001.

However, the filing probably won't be made before November 1 and we aren't likely to have approval until the end of the year.
That means that November will be billed at the existing winter rates and 
we will need to do a 1-month refund in January to rebill November at the new rates.

We hope to have approval in time to bill both Reservation & Commodity correctly for December.  But, on the Reservation invoice, we may need to do a late "preliminary" run to pick up new rates, depending on when we receive an order from FERC.

	Test - Looking forward to seeing you tonight.  Lynn

	Here is your second email.  See ya tonight!!

	Lynn

    We can make the meeting Thursday afternoon if that is better for you guys.  It will
    be short because there is not a whole lot to discuss.   Rick, FYI, Shelley postponed her meeting
    until 10:00 in the morning so she could listen in on FERC meeting.  Possible means they do
    not have a final ruling as to what direction we are going, but she wanted to give us a "heads
    up" from a system perspective.  Hopefully that helps.  See ya'll in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

 
Rick/Lynn, we have very few MPS contracts with imbalances and if we do, they are relatively small - Larry B. takes a look at those each month. Because of Close and since we will see Imbalance invoices and DDVC invoices for the first time, tomorrow is always a very busy time - we also may have some last minute measurement corrections to make so I would prefer to have the meeting in the afternoon if we have to have it tomorrow.  Just let us know the criticalness of this and we'll work around you and Rick's schedules.
 
Thanks,
 
Raetta
 

Lynn,
 
9:00 may be a bad time for you and I if Shelley has her normal Wednesday staff meeting.  With everything that has gone on today, I believe she will want to meet.  8:30 may be a better time if you are available.
 
Does possible mean probable?  Or was it just a theoretical conversation you had with regulatory affairs?  Esther/Larry should be able to run a report showing us the MPS volumes on contracts.  I do not believe we will find very much volume.  
 
Rick
 
 

        
        I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes  coming that 
        we need to discuss in the morning. 

        1.  There may be a 10 day lag on pricing 
        2.  The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator 
                calculation. (as well as fuel) 
        3.  We need to run a report to see how oftern (if at all) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts. 

        Do you have any time Wed. morning?  What about 9:00 a.m. in my office?  If that 
        doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks. Lynn 

	Donna, here is one we did for Raetta.  Thanks. Lynn

Please accept the attached Personal Achievement Award for Raetta.  If you have any questions or require additional information, please let Lynn or I know.  Thanks!

Rick

 

	Here are two we did for Harry and Tangie.  Thanks. Lynn

Please accept the attached Personal Achievement Award request for Harry Woodson and Tangie Dykes.  I have included both of them on the same request form since their recognition is for their contributions toward the ONEOK arbitration project.  If you have any questions, please let me know.

Rick

 

	How difficult would it be to add the volume to the summary report we do today?

	Sheila and I met with Shelley and reviewed our process.  She felt very good about the process
	but would like to see the volumes impacted by the adjustments not just dollars.

	We can discuss when I get back next week.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	How difficult would it be to add the volume to the summary report we do today?

	Sheila and I met with Shelley and reviewed our process.  She felt very good about the process
	but would like to see the volumes impacted by the adjustments not just dollars.

	We can discuss when I get back next week.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ava ran me a list of the people on the phone broadcast.  Sheila, your name is on the list.
	Are you getting phone messages?  She also cleaned up some old names on the list
	and added the new people.  

	Who do you guys think would be the best person to have responsibility for updates on
	this list?  Should we make it Ava and Alma with them backing each other up?

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Mark your calendar-- 
	the Enron Corp. Savings Plan is moving to a new administrator!

In preparation, here are a few things you need to remember.

For All Savings Plan participants, Friday, October 19 at 3:00pm CST will be the last day to:
?	Request a loan or a loan payoff so that funds can be allocated or distributed in time.
?	Request a withdrawal (In-service or Hardship).

For SDA Participants, Friday, October 19 at 3:00pm CST will be your last day to:
?	Make trades in your Schwab SDA brokerage account so that we can move your holdings in-kind. 
?	Re-invest any Schwab mutual funds into your choice of funds  - the default will be your money market fund.

Other transactions, such as Contribution Rate Changes and Investment Fund Transfers, will continue until 3:00pm CST on October 26.  

EnronBenefits... keeping pace with your lifestyle.

	Here is a first pass at the customer letter.  Probably needs some work on more detail.

	
			 
	Thanks. Lynn

Ava, please put me on the list.
Lynn

Yes, I am playing.  Would you have
John send me a message?
Thanks. Lynn

This is fun!!!!

John, thanks for the update.

Lynn

	FYI.  Terry why don't you call Delaine and follow up that this has been
	taken care of.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI - 

As we discussed and agreed to with Delaine, Richard reversed the $224.00 transportation imbalance on TW contract 37652. 

	
	I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes  coming that
	we need to discuss in the morning.

	1.  There may be a 10 day lag on pricing
	2.  The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator
		calculation. (as well as fuel)
	3.  We need to run a report to see how oftern (if at all) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts.

	Do you have any time Wed. morning?  What about 9:00 a.m. in my office?  If that
	doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks. Lynn

Jan, sorry for the inconvenience
We in the process of making
A change.  We will keep you
Posted.

Thanks. Lynn

Just cchecking out my new
Toy

Have a great day!!!!

Lynn

John please get with vernon and greg and see what we can do.

Thanks Lynn

Thursdaay works better for me
I would be glad to partcipat
Any time thursday
Thanks Lynn

Lynn, I will get with Vernon but your message has no content or subject.

John

John please get with vernon and greg and see what we can do.

Thanks Lynn

I agree.  Thanks, Lynn
Since we are already working on a short term solution to stop the 'bleeding' caused by the Schedule Quantities Report  fiasco, i would like for us to setup a project and a project plan for migrating all TMS report out of Crystal to Business Objects.

Thanks

	 -----Original Message-----
	Lisa,

	I'd like to confirm that we have a green light from you to do a prototype of the TMS report that we discussed yesterday. Depending on the complexity of the data it should take us 1-2 weeks to finish a prototype of the report, the universe, and the TMS integration piece. Please let me know if you are ok with this. If the answer is yes, who do we charge our time to?

	Andriy Mysyk
	Business Intelligence
	ETS IT
	Phone (713) 345-3951
	Mobile (832) 661-1933

This is the neatest toy I have
Had.  Much better than carrying a laptop. Thanks for yours and donna efforts to get this before I left.  Lynn
How do you like the Blackberry?

Fyi. Lynn
Lynn/Karen:
 
The November 1 termination of the reverse auction point on Northern will increase the probability of priority mismatches at Aberdeen and Welcome between our two systems.  
 
We have already received questions asking how we will confirm these points after the 1st.  And our response has been that we would expect the restricting party to dictate who can and cannot flow at these locations.  
 
One party that has been surprisingly quiet so far has been Mirant.   Mirant should be very interested in how we will allocate capacity at these two points on November 1, simply because their contracts have the greatest risk of not being scheduled.  They are the only firm shipper on Northern Border that have Aberdeen and Welcome as contracted path end points.  And as you know, they supplied the reverse auction point.   But from what we have heard on the street, they are not actively matching up their supply with those markets who were allocated reverse auction capacity on your system.  That is why I feel the odds are high for a capacity mismatch.
 
Mirant does have a couple of options with their Welcome contract on Border; they can drop some of their Welcome gas off at a secondary upstream point, such as Marshall.  But their Aberdeen contract needs to flow at either Aberdeen or Warner on our system.  And if their capacity is stranded at Aberdeen on the 1st, I am confident that they will be giving both of us a call.  
 
Between Aberdeen and Warner (our alternate delivery point to NWPS), we have the ability to deliver into this area an aggregate of over 70 MMcf/d.  If we do see firm and interruptible gas nominated into these points in excess of this amount, I feel Northern Border must zero out the interruptibles on our side - that was the issue that created so much heart burn for Pan Alberta years ago when we were forced to allocate Ventura.  But that is as far as we are planning to go.   We view the flow restriction to be on your side.  And we are suggesting that your priorities be used to allocate Aberdeen on the 1st. 
 
If we do a firm allocation based on Border's priorities before we confirm, we would have a definite mismatch, and potentially nothing would be scheduled at the point.  Now that would not be all bad, given that we could use such an opportunity to deliver off the large OBA imbalance gas due NNG at the point.  But I don't think we want to fire up a battle with the shippers on both sides of the fence; we'll deal with Mirant on our end.  
 
As for the Aberdeen OBA imbalance issue, I am still trying to come up with a long term solution to deal with that situation.  Any ideas as to how we can effectively eliminate the imbalance would be greatly appreciated, especially given the fact that the Energy Affiliate NOPR suggests that the flexibility we may have today could be restricted in the future.
 
sc
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

Fyi.  Lynn
Please see the below information/instructions for the dial-in number regarding tomorrow's meeting in the above-referenced matter.

Ms. Lee Carrier, EB 4816 
ENRON LITIGATION UNIT 
(713) 853-6118 - phone 
(713) 853-6576 - fax 
lee.carrier@enron.com <mailto:lee.carrier@enron.com> 
"The only thing that stays the same is change" 
- Melissa Ethridge 
 
This is to confirm the conference call #4918883, on 10/18/2001 04:00 PM Central Time.

Company: Enron Corporation
Host: Britt Davis
Call Title/Reference: Northern vs ONE OAK
Confirmation Number: 4918883
Dial In: 1 (800) 991-9019
Alternate Dial-In: 
 International participants should dial: 1 (847) 619-8039
Passcode: 7937147

Number of Participants: 15

The Host and Participants will dial in and enter the Passcode 7937147, followed
by the pound key (#).

Important Notes:

** As a courtesy to others and to improve sound quality, please have all
participants mute their phones when not speaking. **

Press *0 at anytime during your conference call for operator assistance.

To convert to other time zones using Daylight Saving Time, please refer to
the following:
10/18/01 02:00 PM PT.  ***  10/18/01 03:00 PM MT.  ***  10/18/01 04:00 PM CT.  ***
10/18/01 05:00 PM ET.  ***  10/18/01 10:00 PM GMT. 

If there are any questions, comments, or changes regarding this or any other
conference call please call us at 1 (800) 766-1863 or FAX at 1 (847) 619-6111.
Please refer to confirmation number 4918883.  Thank You!

This Email Confirmation was sent at 10/17/01 15:00

In no event shall CPI be liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages arising
out of any failure of services to customers.  CPI's liability shall be in all cases limited to
refund of the invoiced price paid for the service in the particular instance.

	 -----Original Message-----
		
		Ladies & Gentlemen:

		At Dave Neubauer's request, I am going to schedule a meeting for tomorrow to which you are all invited (and if I have left out a necessary participant, please let me know) to formulate a response to ONEOK's letter of October 16 to Dave (a copy of which I will circulate to you).  It has to do with the proposed special test.  I will have my a/a, Lee, circulate copies of (a) Dave's letter of October 5 and (b) ONEOK's reponse of October 16 to you all immediately.

		Given that so many schedules are involved, I went ahead and picked a time that both Drew and Dave have open: 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m tomorrow, Thursday, October 18.  Debbie has reserved the video conference rooms in 49C2 and in Omaha.  Lee will get a call-in conference number for anyone that can't attend in person, and e-mail it out to you.

		I appreciate your patience.	

		Many thanks.

		Britt

Please see the below information/instructions for the dial-in number regarding tomorrow's meeting in the above-referenced matter.

Ms. Lee Carrier, EB 4816 
ENRON LITIGATION UNIT 
(713) 853-6118 - phone 
(713) 853-6576 - fax 
lee.carrier@enron.com <mailto:lee.carrier@enron.com> 
"The only thing that stays the same is change" 
- Melissa Ethridge 
 
This is to confirm the conference call #4918883, on 10/18/2001 04:00 PM Central Time.

Company: Enron Corporation
Host: Britt Davis
Call Title/Reference: Northern vs ONE OAK
Confirmation Number: 4918883
Dial In: 1 (800) 991-9019
Alternate Dial-In: 
 International participants should dial: 1 (847) 619-8039
Passcode: 7937147

Number of Participants: 15

The Host and Participants will dial in and enter the Passcode 7937147, followed
by the pound key (#).

Important Notes:

** As a courtesy to others and to improve sound quality, please have all
participants mute their phones when not speaking. **

Press *0 at anytime during your conference call for operator assistance.

To convert to other time zones using Daylight Saving Time, please refer to
the following:
10/18/01 02:00 PM PT.  ***  10/18/01 03:00 PM MT.  ***  10/18/01 04:00 PM CT.  ***
10/18/01 05:00 PM ET.  ***  10/18/01 10:00 PM GMT. 

If there are any questions, comments, or changes regarding this or any other
conference call please call us at 1 (800) 766-1863 or FAX at 1 (847) 619-6111.
Please refer to confirmation number 4918883.  Thank You!

This Email Confirmation was sent at 10/17/01 15:00

In no event shall CPI be liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages arising
out of any failure of services to customers.  CPI's liability shall be in all cases limited to
refund of the invoiced price paid for the service in the particular instance.

	 -----Original Message-----
		
		Ladies & Gentlemen:

		At Dave Neubauer's request, I am going to schedule a meeting for tomorrow to which you are all invited (and if I have left out a necessary participant, please let me know) to formulate a response to ONEOK's letter of October 16 to Dave (a copy of which I will circulate to you).  It has to do with the proposed special test.  I will have my a/a, Lee, circulate copies of (a) Dave's letter of October 5 and (b) ONEOK's reponse of October 16 to you all immediately.

		Given that so many schedules are involved, I went ahead and picked a time that both Drew and Dave have open: 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m tomorrow, Thursday, October 18.  Debbie has reserved the video conference rooms in 49C2 and in Omaha.  Lee will get a call-in conference number for anyone that can't attend in person, and e-mail it out to you.

		I appreciate your patience.	

		Many thanks.

		Britt

	How about tomorrow, Wednesday, September 12, at 1:30 or 2:30?  Diana, Terry
	and John can meet me in my office and we can call Rita and Bob.  Thanks. Lynn	

Lynn - Please call me or Bob when things are somewhat back to normal in the Houston office.
Then we can set up a time for a conference call.  I will be in the office all week, except Thursday afternoon.  

As this is the first info I've had on this I'd like to get Lynn involved in the conversation.  Please coordinate a time when we can all discuss.  I will be in the Minneapolis office all day Tuesday through Friday.

As you know, USE is agent for a number of small Carlton sourcers.  They have contracted with a single supplier to bring gas in at Carlton for all of USE's clients.  USE wants to bring each shipper's Carlton obligation gas in on the shippers' individual contracts.  Normally, the supplier would have to confirm separate nominations for each little shipper.  Debbie Burgess at USE asked Diana Porter if there was a way that the USE Supplier could nominate the gas to a single USE contract at Carlton, then USE would nominate the Carlton gas from that contract to all the little Carlton sourcers for whom they are agent.

I talked with Steve & Dari.  They did not feel there was any tariff/legal obstacle to letting USE do this, as long as the contract
can only be used to facilitate the Carlton sourcing obligation.

I talked with Terry Kowalke & Gerry Medeles.  The simplest approach would seem to be an Administrative contract (non-revenue) where USE's supplier would nominate deliveries to the Admin contract and USE would nominate gas from the Admin contract to its clients' individual firm contracts.  

Based on those conversations, I told Debbie that it sounded like we could work something out.

Problem:  Later, Gerry Medeles determined that, because Carlton has special scheduling logic in TMS, 
it will require at least 2 weeks worth of system changes to accommodate US Energy's request.
With the current work load, Gerry didn't think IT could get the changes made by November 1 
but may have something in place for December.

Should we pursue?

Fyi.  Lynn
	
	Ladies & Gentlemen:

	At Dave Neubauer's request, I am going to schedule a meeting for tomorrow to which you are all invited (and if I have left out a necessary participant, please let me know) to formulate a response to ONEOK's letter of October 16 to Dave (a copy of which I will circulate to you).  It has to do with the proposed special test.  I will have my a/a, Lee, circulate copies of (a) Dave's letter of October 5 and (b) ONEOK's reponse of October 16 to you all immediately.

	Given that so many schedules are involved, I went ahead and picked a time that both Drew and Dave have open: 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m tomorrow, Thursday, October 18.  Debbie has reserved the video conference rooms in 49C2 and in Omaha.  Lee will get a call-in conference number for anyone that can't attend in person, and e-mail it out to you.

	I appreciate your patience.	

	Many thanks.

	Britt

I would love to attend but I am out of town.  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley, I just found out this message did not go.  I am trying again.  Thanks Lynn
Shelly, Just wanted to update you on a few things.

1.  Steve and I have been asked to work with McGown and Steve Kirk on the SLA settlement.  There is a meeting in Omaha we are attending on Wed. With Mary Kay and Dave.

2.  There is a marketing issue in relation to NNG procedures on monitoring stranger's gas.  There is a meeting Thursday morning with Dave and Mary Kay. After that mtg Dari, Mary and I are going to review procedures for any changes. 

3.  I will conference in for Thursday's Customer Service mtg.
I hate not being there but I think these other meetings are big enough to have presence in Omaha

4.  The SoCal meeting was very beneficial. Only one possible variance from what we had previously heard.  There is a possibility SoCal could reduce capacity at ID2.  Pat and I talked abot TW concerns.  I will review with marketing and the team when I get back.

I love my Blackberry, but still getting used to typing on it.  Anxious to hear how the paging worked for you.

Hope your trip to Florida was good.  Also hope you can Make since of This email.

Thanks Lynn

Ava please print attachment and give to steve to bring to omaha for me.  Thanks. Lynn
	Attached is the first draft of procedures for offsystem transactions.  Please review and provide comments by Friday, Oct 26th .  Thanks MW

	 <<offsystem proc.doc>> 

Sheila please talk to avashe had your name on the list she pulled so I am confused.  Thanks lynn
Lynn,  I think it works best w/Ava & Alma having the responsibility to keep the list updated.  And no, Im not receiving the messages.  Alma deleted my name about a month ago.  I will have her add it to the list again.  Sheila

	 -----Original Message-----
		Ava ran me a list of the people on the phone broadcast.  Sheila, your name is on the list.
		Are you getting phone messages?  She also cleaned up some old names on the list
		and added the new people.  

		Who do you guys think would be the best person to have responsibility for updates on
		this list?  Should we make it Ava and Alma with them backing each other up?

		Thanks. Lynn

Jane what about this Tqhursday for lunch?  Are you available?
Thanks lynn
Will you have time for lunch or dinner while you're here?  Would be great to catch up.

Also, I heard some things mentioned that people might like to see in your followup:
Along with the timeline, describe the "macro" of how the pipe is scheduled/balanced and then go to the detail of how contracts and rate types stack up and get matched across the pipe with up/downstream.  Also when a delivery area is constrained and when a receipt area is constrained.  (pictures may help)

Another whole session could be devoted to the allocation at billing time -- least path, penalty application, etc.

Thanks, Jane

	 -----Original Message-----
	John Buchanan and Lynn Blair will be here on Oct. 29th at 1:30 to present the Nomination and Confirmation process that we did not get to during the brown bag lunch on Tuesday.  Meeting will be in conference room 6C1. 

Yes I am Coming twice.  I'llsee you thursday Oct 25. Lynn
Thursday would be great - Oct 25 (?).
Are you coming two weeks in a row?

Thanks, Jane

Jane what about this Tqhursday for lunch?  Are you available?
Thanks lynn
Will you have time for lunch or dinner while you're here?  Would be great to catch up.

Also, I heard some things mentioned that people might like to see in your followup:
Along with the timeline, describe the "macro" of how the pipe is scheduled/balanced and then go to the detail of how contracts and rate types stack up and get matched across the pipe with up/downstream.  Also when a delivery area is constrained and when a receipt area is constrained.  (pictures may help)

Another whole session could be devoted to the allocation at billing time -- least path, penalty application, etc.

Thanks, Jane

	 -----Original Message-----
	John Buchanan and Lynn Blair will be here on Oct. 29th at 1:30 to present the Nomination and Confirmation process that we did not get to during the brown bag lunch on Tuesday.  Meeting will be in conference room 6C1. 

John here is a note from Jane about some things Marketiing wants to talk about at our mtg.  Thanks Lynn
Will you have time for lunch or dinner while you're here?  Would be great to catch up.

Also, I heard some things mentioned that people might like to see in your followup:
Along with the timeline, describe the "macro" of how the pipe is scheduled/balanced and then go to the detail of how contracts and rate types stack up and get matched across the pipe with up/downstream.  Also when a delivery area is constrained and when a receipt area is constrained.  (pictures may help)

Another whole session could be devoted to the allocation at billing time -- least path, penalty application, etc.

Thanks, Jane

	 -----Original Message-----
	John Buchanan and Lynn Blair will be here on Oct. 29th at 1:30 to present the Nomination and Confirmation process that we did not get to during the brown bag lunch on Tuesday.  Meeting will be in conference room 6C1. 

Gary, I would be glad to do A prensentation for your group.
I am out of town until Fri.
I'llcall you to set up a time.
Thanks Lynn
Caroline Barnes has indicated that you have a presentation put together that briefly covers the purpose and function of  Gas Logistics, and how this department  interacts with other departments. I was wondering if you would be interested in making the presentation to GMS personnel to better understand how Measurement impacts your department. Please let me know if you have an interest and when you might be available and  I?ll arrange for the conference room to be available.
Thanks-
Gary

John, if the meeting is Monday I have jury duty.  What did you and Ava decide to do?  I'll call you in the morning.  Thanks Lynn
 Lynn, are you going to be able to attend the meeting? I also just received my Blackberry cooool.     JWB

    FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Toby - Let's try again -- I see I had a wordo in my last posting.

Toby,
 
Here is a stab at a revised HotTap posting. Please edit as you see appropriate and post as soon as you can.  Thanks.
 
 

John this message concens me. Did you talk to Ava this Morninv?  I'll call you in the morning. Lynn
Lynn, are you still going?

JWB

John here is a note from Jane about some things Marketiing wants to talk about at our mtg.  Thanks Lynn
Will you have time for lunch or dinner while you're here?  Would be great to catch up.

Also, I heard some things mentioned that people might like to see in your followup:
Along with the timeline, describe the "macro" of how the pipe is scheduled/balanced and then go to the detail of how contracts and rate types stack up and get matched across the pipe with up/downstream.  Also when a delivery area is constrained and when a receipt area is constrained.  (pictures may help)

Another whole session could be devoted to the allocation at billing time -- least path, penalty application, etc.

Thanks, Jane

	 -----Original Message-----
	John Buchanan and Lynn Blair will be here on Oct. 29th at 1:30 to present the Nomination and Confirmation process that we did not get to during the brown bag lunch on Tuesday.  Meeting will be in conference room 6C1. 

Ava, do we need to worry about this?  Thanks Lynn
Dear Clients,
 
You have been identified as a user of the following conference room and/or shared calendar:

		NOC Team

This conference room/shared calendar is scheduled to be migrated to Outlook in one week, on Tuesday, Oct 30th. If you are still using this conference room/shared calendar, please follow the instructions below to request access to it, using the eRequest system. You will not receive access to the new conference room/shared calendar unless you request it. If you no longer use this conference room/shared calendar, you can simply ignore this message.
 
Once the above conference room/shared calendar is migrated to Outlook, access to the old Notes conference room/shared calendars will be set to read only for a period of one month. At the end of the one month period, these conference roome/shared Calendare will be deleted from the Notes servers and will only be accessible from Outlook.
 
If you experience problems with the conference room/shared calendar after it is migrated, please contact the Resolution Center at X31411.
 
Thank you for you cooperation,
 
Sincerely,
 
Outlook Migration Team
 
 
Instructions for requesting access to New Outlook conference rooms:

	1.	Open Internet Explorer and connect to 'itcentral.enron.com' 
	2.	Login as yourself using your NT Login ID and Password 
	3.	Click on 'Update Account' 
	4.	Verify your email address is selected, or enter it if it is the first time you send an erequest. 
	5.	Click 'OK' 
	6.	Choose 'Conference Room Administration' 
	7.	Region must be 'Houston' 
	8.	In the Conference Room box, enter the name of the conference room cited above 
	9.	click 'Add' 
	10.	Click Continue 
	11.	Verify the info you entered and click submit.

Instructions for requesting access to New Outlook shared calendars:
 
	1.	Open Internet Explorer and connect to 'itcentral.enron.com' 
	2.	Login as yourself using your NT Login ID and Password 
	3.	Click on 'Update Account' 
	4.	Verify your email address is selected, or enter it if it is the first time you send an erequest. 
	5.	Click 'OK' 
	6.	Choose 'Applications' 
	7.	Region must be 'Houston' 
	8.	In the 'Applications' box, type Outlook
	9.	click 'search'
	10.	Click on the third +add button for Outlook.
	11. Select Shared Calendar and click add to request.
	12. Enter the requested information and click continue.
	11.	Verify the info you entered and click submit.

John, can you give Konni a call.
Thanks Lynn
I have some questions about data that I have been downloading from the
NNG/Enron website.  I am not sure you are the correct person to contact
about these questions but I am hoping you can help or at least point me in
the correct direction.

I am looking at three different pieces of data - Index of Customers, Tariff
information and Capacity Release data.  I am having trouble understanding
the way your pipeline works and I am hoping someone will be able to help.
One of the major questions I have is why the rate schedules differ so much
between these three pieces of data, IOC lists the rate schedules on
contracts as TF_M_11_3, TF_M_4_10, or TF_F_1_12. Tariff lists the schedule
TF with various rates under it, TF_12 base, TF_12 variable and TF5 (all
under the market to market heading), TFF under the Field to Field /market
Demarcation heading, etc. ,  and in capacity release I see rate schedules
that look different still, TF5-TF5, TF7-TFF, TF2-TF12, TFX1-TFX Mkt Apr-Oct.
I am trying to reconcile the differences and I can get a little ways but
then I run into problems.  For instance, in the IOC, I am assuming TF_M_11_3
means TF rate- Market to Market- flowing from Nov-March.  But then I see a
contract that has the TF_M_11_3 rate schedule that flows from April thru Oct
(according to effective and expiration dates of the contract) and I get
confused again.  I can correlate some of the capacity release rates to
tariff, TF5-TF5 corresponding to TF5 under the TF rate, but then I get to
TF7-TFF and I am not sure where the TF7 comes from or what it correlates to.
I know there must be some way to look at all this together, but I am at a
loss to figure it out, which is why I am asking for your help.

I have never nominated on your pipeline, but instead am just doing data
collection and analysis.  There are more questions I need to have answered
and would like to be able to contact someone so that I can talk with them
and gain an understanding of how your pipeline works.  Could you please give
me a call or direct me to whom I need to speak?  I can be reached at
720.548.5470.

One more thought - is there perhaps a "handbook" that I would be able to
read that might answer some of these questions for me, perhaps a nomination
guideline that you might give to a new trader/scheduler?  If so, please mail
me a copy to 3333 Walnut Street  Boulder, CO  80301.

Thank you so much for you help in this!  I appreciate anything you can do
for me.

Konni Keuter
Director, GASdat
Platts
  A Division of the McGraw-Hill Companies

Terry, Christine is fine with m.
Let"s discuss in the morning.
Thanks, Lynn
Lynn,

I was ask to make a selection between Amy and Christine to do testing for the  new accounting project. Which will take up to 50% of their time away from the team. My recommendation to you and Rick Dietz was Christine McEvoy to be the selected individual to test on this project. If you have any concerns on this matter please let me know. Thank you. 

One more thing, could we mention this in the next team leader meeting for all the individuals involved in this testing.

Terry Kowalke

Fyi.  Thanks.  Lynn
I have just been informed that a wire from ONEOK was received yesterday for delinquent/disputed mmbtu reimbursement at the Mt. Jesus drip.  ONEOK had been withholding payment since April 2000.  The wire funds received not only included the $72,745.13 for April 2000 through June 2001 period  as requested in Dave Neubauer's September 24 letter, but also subsequently invoiced amounts for July and August 2001.  Looks like things are caught up and back on track.

Charlie Graham
Phone 402-398-7061
Fax 402-398-7122 
OMA 0629

 <<customerserv 10-25.ppt>> 
Revised presentation for the meeting this afternoon

	Ava, Regular time for me.  Thanks. Lynn

Timesheets are due Wednesday, October 31st please try to turn in timesheets before deadline.  

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(30).doc >> 

Ava, that is fine.  Just have some one backing you up and put a note to all the teams.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I am moving and would like to take Tuesday October 30th off would that be okay??

Thanks,
Ava

	Mike, did any one ever answer Reyna?  Thanks. Lynn

Well, it's Mid October and I am checking on the status of the SBA Priority during Allocations.  The new contracts are due to take effect November 1, 2001, and with cold weather already on the horizon we could be headed for the same types of problems we had last  winter.

Do you have an estimated time of implementation?  Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help.

Thank you for your help.
Reyna

Thank you Gerry...I'll email you again in Mid October.

I have worked up the requirements and the TMS IT group is evaluating the changes.  Due to the CMS implementation we would not be able to implement this change.  The earliest we might be able to implement is Mid to late October.  If you have any questions please call.  Thank you.

Gerry/Legale,

Would you be able to update us on the status of the SBA priority during Allocations?  September 1st has rolled around really fast.

Thanks,
Reyna

Reyna,  this is to confirm that the SBA-TI's should be scheduled after primary but before all other nominations.  sjk

Steve,
Back in June we discussed the issue of the SBAs' priority during an Allocation.  The Business Development group and Contracts are in the process of making the necessary changes so that CMS can distinguish ITs associated with SBA activity from other IT agreements and are second through the meter after Primary during allocations.  For your information, below are the comments from the various people involved in this issue

Please let us know if you have any further concerns regarding this issue.  Thanks for your continued help in this matter.

Reyna Cabrera
X33072

I believe Reyna, et al, have held discussions with the Reg Types and received the green light to go forward, but I will confirm. 

Regarding (2.), With the new contract system being developed, the monitoring of contract provisions via the system should be do-able. I am sure both CMS and TMS will be involved in the effort.

	Mike, thanks for the update.  I have a couple of questions/comments:

	1.  Is Legal and Regulatory in the loop on these decisions?

	2.  Anything we can automate, I would like to ensure we have the automation on the enhancement
	     list.  I like the idea of automating the last bullet.  I am not sure if it is in CMS or elsewhere, but
	     I would like to be sure we pursue this automation.
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
Below is a list of issues that were raised at the meeting held w/ Gerry and Reyna (attended by John and I) ......As far as I know, we haven't yet heard back from Sue regarding the issues raised.

....Immediately below is LT's response to adding a "hook" in CMS that would distinguish ITs associated with SBA activity from other IT agreements....

More as it develops! 

I don't have a problem adding a subtype on the IT's of SBA.  I'm not sure I understand your last bullet. Can you give me more info.

LT

Sue, 
During the meeting today with Gerry to discuss the SBA priority during allocations, some of the following issues came up:  (Gerry, correct me if I misunderstood anything)

If we ever call an SBA to bring in gas after the timely cycle, do we still want them to have priority over Alternate and Interruptible? (my opinion is no, they should only have this priority during the timely cycle).
If the SBAs bring in gas at a secondary point, do we still want them to have priority over Alternate and Interruptible?  (my opinion is no, they should only have this priority at Primary Points).
Are we aware that an Alternate shipper who has flowing rights from the previous day might get "squeezed" out of the same entitlement on a day that an SBA shipper is given priority over Alternate?  Might have some mad shippers.
How will SBA volumes be posted on the EBB if there is an allocation: Interruptible???
Because the current methodology for allocation is based on a "point", they don't follow the downstream, will the IT contracts currently being used have to be identified through the contracts department as "SBA IT"?
This is for the future contracts system:  Should we ask that the new contract system to automate all the manual processes of the SBAs such as account balance and carryover days in order for the system to be able to validate this criteria?

Reyna Cabrera
(713) 853-3072

	Ava, do we need to respond to this?  Thanks. Lynn

Dear Clients,
 
You have been identified as a user of the following conference room and/or shared calendar:

NOC Team

This conference room/shared calendar is scheduled to be migrated to Outlook in one week, on Tuesday, Oct 30th. If you are still using this conference room/shared calendar, please follow the instructions below to request access to it, using the eRequest system. You will not receive access to the new conference room/shared calendar unless you request it. If you no longer use this conference room/shared calendar, you can simply ignore this message.
 
Once the above conference room/shared calendar is migrated to Outlook, access to the old Notes conference room/shared calendars will be set to read only for a period of one month. At the end of the one month period, these conference roome/shared Calendare will be deleted from the Notes servers and will only be accessible from Outlook.
 
If you experience problems with the conference room/shared calendar after it is migrated, please contact the Resolution Center at X31411.
 
Thank you for you cooperation,
 
Sincerely,
 
Outlook Migration Team
 
 
Instructions for requesting access to New Outlook conference rooms:

1.	Open Internet Explorer and connect to 'itcentral.enron.com' 
2.	Login as yourself using your NT Login ID and Password 
3.	Click on 'Update Account' 
4.	Verify your email address is selected, or enter it if it is the first time you send an erequest. 
5.	Click 'OK' 
6.	Choose 'Conference Room Administration' 
7.	Region must be 'Houston' 
8.	In the Conference Room box, enter the name of the conference room cited above 
9.	click 'Add' 
10.	Click Continue 
11.	Verify the info you entered and click submit.

Instructions for requesting access to New Outlook shared calendars:
 
1.	Open Internet Explorer and connect to 'itcentral.enron.com' 
2.	Login as yourself using your NT Login ID and Password 
3.	Click on 'Update Account' 
4.	Verify your email address is selected, or enter it if it is the first time you send an erequest. 
5.	Click 'OK' 
6.	Choose 'Applications' 
7.	Region must be 'Houston' 
8.	In the 'Applications' box, type Outlook
9.	click 'search'
10.	Click on the third +add button for Outlook.
11. Select Shared Calendar and click add to request.
12. Enter the requested information and click continue.
11.	Verify the info you entered and click submit.

    Ava, would you please print these off for me on a colored printer.  Thanks. Lynn
 
FYI - These all of the speaker presentations at our meeting in Kansas City on September 6-7:
 
 
The presentations have been posted to NNG's "Download" Site at <http://www.nng.enron.com/dob/etfr_downloads.html> at the bottom of the page. These presentations will be hard to email due to the size of the them.  My suggestion would be if a customer wants to save the presentations on their PC, the easiest way to do this is:

1. Right mouse click on the presentation link
2. "Save target as"
3. Pick the directory where you want to save it
4. Click on "save"

This will download the presentation or presentations they wish to save to their PC.

Thx,

Toby

	Gary, would one of the following dates and times work for you and your group?

		November 1 - in the afternoon
		November 13 - in the morning
		November 14 - in the afternoon

	Please give me a call and let me know if any of these work.  I am assuming you planning
	on 1 hour?  Is that right?  Thanks. Lynn

Caroline Barnes has indicated that you have a presentation put together that briefly covers the purpose and function of  Gas Logistics, and how this department  interacts with other departments. I was wondering if you would be interested in making the presentation to GMS personnel to better understand how Measurement impacts your department. Please let me know if you have an interest and when you might be available and  I'll arrange for the conference room to be available.
Thanks-
Gary

	Randy, do we still need to meet?  If so work with Ava on a time and date.  Thanks. Lynn

Penny and Lynn,
I would like to set a meeting for us to discuss a problem that has developed with Amarillo Natural Gas deliveries at POI 62119 - CRI Seaboard and POI 78158 - Circle Land & Cattle.  Due to the rules that govern the Bushton Universe, Amarillo Natural Gas is not able to find gas to purchase at the receipt points that are labeled for these deliveries.

Randy Janzen

	FYI.  For meeting at 3:00.  Thanks. Lynn

Mike,

Kent and Tim called me this morning and said that they have received a letter from LS Power requesting compensation for costs they feel they incurred to adjust their supply due to cuts on their FDD overrun.  Their analysis applies to the period June 1, 2001 to present.  Kent and Tim need data to perform an analysis that will be used to respond to LS Power's (USES) request.

Kent has requested the following for the period June 1 forward:

A list of days where at least one cycle was not allocated (in other words, if we allocated one or more cycles of a gas day, but not every cycle (regardless of which cycle was not allocated), they need an electronic list of those days. 
 Electronic copies of each of your final month end sum sheets for June forward.

They want to answer the customer within a week, so they'll need this information at least by early next week.  Kent has requested that all of the information be sent to both him and Tim.

Thanks for your help!

Kay

	I am on jury duty Oct. 29th.  Please be sure you are working with Ava to check 
	my calendar before scheduling a meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

We have tenatively scheduled a meeting with Lynn to discuss the problems we are experiencing with Amarillo Natural Gas.  The reason it is tenatively is because Lynn has Jury Duty selection on Monday and if picked, she will not be here...maybe!  

Date: Monday, Oct. 29th
Time: 9:00 am
Place: Lynn's Office

Any questions, please let me know.

Randy

	Terry, would you please check with all the teams to day to ensure they
	have talked with their customers about the scheduled quantities reports.
	Thanks. Lynn

The migration for reinstalling the scheduled quantities reports went well.....I tested all three pipes with K#'s and ID#'s and they came up fine.....I did this for both internal and external.

Jill

	Karen, no problem.  I just want to be sure we are all learning
	and it sounds like you had some challenges which gave you some
	added training.  Hang in there.  The 8:00 a.m. Final does get
	easier as you do the process over and over.  Thanks for the update.
	Lynn

Lynn,

Just to let you know that one of the imbalances that kicked out I did figure it out(believe it or not);I have run nominated reports and scheduled quantities reports for all of Axia's contracts so that Kathy and myself can look at those on Monday to make sure everything looks alright.

The final for 10/27 I was able to figure out and everything was fine.  I will get this "final" down if it kills me!

John,
Karen asked me to send you a note about the problems we encountered 
with the final AM processing for 10/26.

When Karen submitted the rollover for the first time, it kicked out
two imbalances.  One, she was able to figure out with Kathy's help
and the other one she cannot.

The shipper on  K# 62418 nom 78172  at Demarc to K# 22252 during the ID2 cycle.
They were scheduled at 75177.
Shipper K# 22252 modified his gas from Demarc (from K#62418) to different storage.
However, he re-nom at the full 78172, not the amount that was scheduled from ID2,
which was 75177.  Shipper K# 62418 did not make any changes to this package.

If we just looked at the nom screen , everything is tied out.
However, we have to consider what's was scheduled.  In this case,
the scheduled number for K#62418 did not match the final am nomination
on K#22252.

After this transaction was invalidated (K#22252), the system
kicks out another imbalance, since K#22252 was realigning storage
gas to K# 22319, and we did not invalidate that change.

Karen also had some problems with not seeing the apply button.
I think Kathy walked her through the process since I did not.
We restarted the final AM process after the Timely allocation
and completed the cycle around 2pm.

Please call if you have questions/concerns.
Thanks,
Joe

FYI. Lynn
I believe this generated $75 worth of discretion with Midwest Gas.  Unless I am not seeing something here, I don't feel as though investing dollars to install EFM or Bullhorn would be a good idea.   

Tom

	 -----Original Message-----
	The charts from these locations are not received in time to process for the 5th work day close, so these daily volumes are determined systematically based on the beginning and ending index readings. Even if they were, it is impossible to determine daily volume consumption from a 31day chart. Even decreasing the chart rotation is not a solution unless charts are received by the third work day to allow sufficient time for processing. The answer is to install EFM or possibly a Bullhorn unit to determine the actual daily index readings so that the daily quantities are accurately determined.. On these types of installations, how can we assess penalties on anything other than monthly quantities ? NNG has several locations where the existing equipment does not meet today?s business needs, so we probably need to determine where these deficiencies exists, and identify the costs to resolve the problem.
	Thanks-
	Gary

			 -----Original Message-----
			Gary, was wondering if you could help us out. Scott has told me that they have 31 day charts for the stations listed below and he was wondering why we couldn't read those so as to get daily volumes rather than taking the total for the month and dividing it by the number of days in the month to get the daily volume.  The reason for this is because, especially in the winter time, this can become very crucial when we calculate the penalty invoices which are done daily and are based on the differences between the daily physical volumes and the volumes that the shippers have scheduled on our pipe.  If these charts cannot be read daily, what can we do to make it so that they can. Could you please check to find out what we need to do in order to have accurate daily volumes for these stations.

			Thanks,

			Raetta

			 -----Original Message-----
				Raetta, here are the stations  numbers.  Thanks for your help. Scott 612-270-8501
				Arcadia 747-051-01,02
				Eleva 747-161
				Independance 747-221
				Mondovi 747-341-01,02
				Strum 747-411
				Whitehall #1 747-921
				Whitehall #3 747-923

				 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
				Team Farmington-Pipeline
				06/22/2001 07:58 AM
				Subject:	Re: Daily Volumes For Midwest Natural Gas   << OLE Object: StdOleLink >> 

				Thanks for looking into this for me Raetta.  I talked to Jim Banker this week and asked for him to check and see if they were charged for any penalty gas or not.  He said that he would let me know if they had.  He also stressed that we still need to see the actual daily volumes instead of average daily volumes on the volume statements.  I'm not quit sure if this part of the problem has been addressed yet or not.  Please let me know. Thanks Scott  

				 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
				Raetta Zadow
				06/15/2001 04:43 PM
				Subject:	Re: Daily Volumes For Midwest Natural Gas   << OLE Object: StdOleLink >> 

				I have looked at the DDVC invoices for Midwest for March, 2001 which total $304.70.  The SMS charges amount to $76.30 but the biggest part of the invoice is the negative DDVC charge which is for $228.40  - this occurred on March 26.  I was wondering if the Midwest Natural Gas people could let us know what they think the volumes should be on those specific wells that they are concerned about for the 26th and then if necessary, we could make those corrections.  Please let me know if there is anything else that I can do to help.

				Thanks,

				Raetta

				 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
				Team Farmington-Pipeline
				06/14/2001 03:04 PM
				Subject:	Daily Volumes For Midwest Natural Gas

				I recently met with Jim Banker with Midwest Natural Gas from Whitehall, Wi.  He informed me that he had some concerns about whether or not he was being charged for penalty gas for daily volumes.  He showed me some gas volume statements that he recieved from GMS.  I believe it was the month of March Statement.  What the statement showed is average daily volumes instead of the actual volumes per day. (Ex. At  Eleva TBS Days 1 and 2 showed 122 MCF and Days 3-31  showed 118 MCF.)  These are charted stations with 31 day charts.  The stations that he is concerned about are Arcadia, Eleva, Independance, Mondovi, Strum, Whitehall #1,and  Whitehall #3.  Any assistance or knowledge that you can provide me would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks Scott 612-270-8501

Nov 14 workS for me.  Ava please put on my calendar.  Gary I will call you when I get back in the office.  Thanks Lynn
How about November 14 at say 1:00 if that works for you ?

		 -----Original Message-----
			Gary, would one of the following dates and times work for you and your group?

				November 1 - in the afternoon
				November 13 - in the morning
				November 14 - in the afternoon

			Please give me a call and let me know if any of these work.  I am assuming you planning
			on 1 hour?  Is that right?  Thanks. Lynn

			 -----Original Message-----
			Caroline Barnes has indicated that you have a presentation put together that briefly covers the purpose and function of  Gas Logistics, and how this department  interacts with other departments. I was wondering if you would be interested in making the presentation to GMS personnel to better understand how Measurement impacts your department. Please let me know if you have an interest and when you might be available and  I?ll arrange for the conference room to be available.
			Thanks-
			Gary

I am very interested in how they are going to "fix Saturday" on Tuesday.  We cannot go back in and adjust noms or scheduled volumes.
Please let me know the results of thier adjustments.  Thanks. Lynn

Janet McDaniel
05/28/2001 05:30 PM
Team,

The Bushton plant went down for abt. 24 hours from the morning of 5/26 until the morning of 5/27.  I talked with Jimmie Mosher and she said they will correct noms. for the differences on those days when everyone is back in the office on Tuesday.

The plant did not notify her that there was a problem, so a timely fix was not an option.  They called our gas control.  I found out when I did the reports for the 26th on Monday, the 28th.

Janet

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Please let me know if there are any changes.

DL

 =09=09 =09=09 =09=09=20

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

here you go ...

Cheryl
>  -----Original Message-----

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Steven January
05/29/2001 10:34 AM

 

FYI.  Steve
Steven January
05/29/2001 10:34 AM

 

FYI.  These are Ava's duties as we defined last year.  Thanks. Lynn
Attached are the Job Duties the Assistance of helped me structure for Ava's desk.
I will be handing this list out to the teams at the next team leader meeting.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Please ensure the billing is done to reflect the balancing days we called.  Thanks. Lynn
Gary Spraggins
05/29/2001 10:46 AM
For May 28th. Midam lowered their nom. on the 8:00 a.m. process at Quad City  from 46.4 to 42.4 ,Cedar Rapids they left the it the same at 25.4.
 
Monday May 28th.

Cedar Rapids Nom. of 25.4 ,actual 10.4 , minus 5% tolerance of 1.3 = under pull of 13.700 mmbtu

Quad City Nom. 42.4 , actual 29.7, minus 5% tolerance of 2.1 = under pull of 10.600 mmbtu 

For Monday, May 28th. NNG had a SUL called for ALL Market Area Zones and a balance day called for Midam.
 
Gary

Shelley, FYI.  Just to let you know our practice.  John and/or Terry issue procedures
in the attached format for any new service NNG or TW provides.  They also meet with the
teams to review the procedures and make sure all parties are up to speed.  If you have
any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

See Attached:

 

John Buchanan

Ray, Teb is right..  Beginning with June billing for May production, we are billing FTS-2 reservation invoices on
June 1 instead of May 31.  At some point in time we may move back to the last day of the month.  This would be 
after we have (1) automated the manual process or (2) managed to speed up the manual process to effectively
capture the scheduled volumes for the last day of the month.  Hope I have not confused the issue for you.  
If you have any other questions, please let me know
Thanks. Lynn

Ray - The only tariff provisions state that "Transporter shall render  invoices to Shippers no later than the tenth (10th) day of the month following the month to which the charges or credits apply ..." (Sheet 134).  The payment provisions (also on Sheet 134) state that "Unless otherwise agreed, Shipper shall pay Transporter ...on or before the tenth (10th) day after written transmission of ivoice..." .
There is nothing else in the tariff which could be used to programatically determine invoice dates but the invoice due date would be 10 days after the invoice is transmitted.  In discussions with market services,  I believe that they intend to send out the FTS-2 reservation invoices on the first day of the month rather than the last day of the production month because of complications in administering some rate cap provisions agreed to in the Phase IV Settlement.  Sorry I couldn't be of more help.  -  Teb
	Teb,

	In our accounting discussions were are trying to determine the correct rules for programtically determining the Invoice date and Invoice due date.

	For reservation and commodity, is there a set of rules we can apply to determine each of these dates? Today the invoice date is entered prior to 
	the invoices being finalled.  We would like to eliminate this step.

	It appears, on reservation, the invoice date is the last day of the production month.  So for Febraury production month for example, reservation 
	invoices had an Invoice Date of February 28,2001 and a due date 10 calendar days after that, March 10,2001.

	Thanks for any help you can give us.

	Ray

Ava, here is the correct spelling of the two names we talked about today in=
 the team leader
meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

The Senate approved the nominations for Pat Wood and Nora Brownell late las=
t week for FERC commissioners. Wood will fill a term expiring June 30, 2005=
 and Brownell will fill a term expiring June 30, 2001 continuing in a new f=
ive-year term through June 30, 2006.

Tammy, let's go forward with this training.  Is there anything else you need
from us?  Thanks. Lynn

I wanted to follow up with some responses to your questions in our last meeting.

?	The name of the course is Forward Thinking. 

?	The cost is $300.00 for the facilitator materials and then $35.00 per workbook for each participate.   The facilitator materials are reusable the participate workbook is not.

FYI.  so you have Brad's telephone number.  Thanks. Lynn
Please, make note that the churn request below did not happen, therefore Brad will be unable to receive phonemail today.  Telecom was just here and informed me that it would take place tomorrow, May 30th.  However, they could not tell me if his phone mod would take place AM or PM.

His e-mail is working, so Alma could pass this information on to his group.

Thank you,
Ricki

John, I am submitting this online churn request #4017 as a modification to Bill Cordes' Houston information instead of a new request for Brad Holmes because Brad does not yet have a badge number. He will be assuming an existing office (EB4197) and phone number (x3-3432), previously assigned to Bill Cordes for his use when traveling to Houston. Please let me know if you need me to revise it later. Thanks!
 

Ava, please set up a 1 hour meeting with the following people.

	Topic:   Status of the Morning Meeting Report

	Attendees:  Don Powell, Dale Ratliff, John Buchanan, Steven January,
		       Terry Kowalke, Gary Spraggins, Darrell Schoolcraft

This meeting needs to happen tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn

	Todd, I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as meeting you.  I wanted to let you know 
	ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting.  Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics
	group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend.  Please add Theresa on any future emails.  Her
	email address is theresa.hess@enron.com.  In talking with Sheryl, I think you are all booked up for the
	Sunday activity, but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a cancellation.  

	One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting:  is the "mis matches" across interconnecting
	pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle.  This is still a concern for the Enron pipes and I wold like to know
	if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these mismatches.  If you would like
	to discuss further, please call me (713) 853-7637.  

	Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21.  Thanks. Lynn

here you go ...

Cheryl
>  -----Original Message-----

Ava, please set up the following meeting:

	Topic - TW Imbalance management

	Attendees:  Darrel Schoolcraft
		       Richard Hanigriff
		       Steven January
		       TK Lohman
		       Sue Neville
		       Lynn Blair
		      Kim Watson
	                      
	CC:  Rick Dietz

Thanks. Lynn

Ava, Sue is a major attendee.  Do we need to reschedule?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn
I will be out of the office the afternoon of May 31st and will not be able to attend.

Sue

TW Imbalance management meeting has been scheduled  for Thursday May 31st, in conference room EB4194 at 1:00p.m.-2p.m.

Please let me know if you will be able to attend.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Ava, we need Don at this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn
I have a conflict - 3 - 4:30 with IT.  Sorry.

Meeting for Status of the Morning Meeting Report has been scheduled for Thursday May 31st at 3:00p.m.-4:00p.m. in conference room EB42C2.

Please let me know if you will be attending.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Ava, see if you can get this on my calendar for in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

   

Lynn,  can we setup a few minutes to discuss the Ft. Buford confirmation processes.  NBPL is wanting to discontinue faxes for Ft. Buford and the ID2 faxes for all NBPL points.  This would require either NBPL or NNG dialing into the others system to confirm (Ft, Buford each cycle) and to verify the final ID2 scheduled numbers daily.  We need to discuss if NNG is willing to make this a practice or not.  I will have Ava setup a time on your calendar some time or get with me early some morning.  We need to see what direction we want to go.  

								j.  floyd	    

Meeting for Status of the Morning Meeting Report has been scheduled for Thursday May 31st at 3:00p.m.-4:00p.m. in conference room EB42C2.

Please let me know if you will be attending.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

TW Imbalance management meeting has been scheduled  for Thursday May 31st, in conference room EB4194 at 1:00p.m.-2p.m.

Please let me know if you will be able to attend.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

FYI.  per our conversation.  Thanks. Lynn
Rick Kile
05/29/2001 02:06 PM
Debbie Moseley called me a few weeks ago about the Mt. Jesus drip.  Oneok is not giving NNG Btu replacement for the hydrocarbon liquid being hauled from the Mt. Jesus location.  The imbalance is approaching $60,000, and Oneok seems unwilling to change their position.  Oneok claims that the hauler is not paying them for liquid, but is writing water on the ticket.  I sampled the liquid and sent Oneok (John Hanna) a copy of the analysis, showing the liquid as drip, not water.  In the past, I know that we did not push Oneok on this issue because of the Bushton measurement dispute.  Now that the Bushton measurement dispute is near settlement, should this Mt. Jesus issue be addressed?  There are at least two other Oneok liquid issues that need to be addressed:  1.  Oneok is receiving payment at Hemphill #3 for liquid, and this gas does not go to Bushton (Sammy Williams may have more detail on this issue).
2.  Sublette liquid is condensate, and it is being called water on the ticket.
Do you have any ideas on how to proceed?  We do not seem to be able to get the issue resolved at this level.  Thanks. 

Larry, let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

Larry Berger
05/31/2001 04:43 PM
Are we going to talk about this?  Let me know.
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09
Larry

  =20

The South Central team would like to update you regarding our current statu=
s with Ruthe and Jamie's departures:

We understand you will be visiting with us regarding the changes within our=
 team with Ruthe and Jamie's departures.  With Ruthe and Jamie's resignatio=
ns, our team is now comprised of nine schedulers and two accountants.  We a=
re interested in learning if we will be allowed to fill at least one positi=
on.  Ruthe has been such a valued team member and will be sorely missed -- =
not only for her expertise in allocations and scheduling, but in her partic=
ipation in holiday/weekend coverage.  Jamie's participation in the holiday/=
weekend coverage will also be missed.  Of course, their daily presence in h=
andling the telephone calls and participation in team responsibilities are =
also missed.  Since our team rotates the evening position in order to distr=
ibute that responsibility throughout the nine schedulers,  we will miss Rut=
he and Jamie's participation in that as well -- this amounts to approximate=
ly five weeks annually each.  With the reassignment of their evenings along=
 with holiday/weekend coverage, we are basically looking at a rotation of o=
nce every third weekend.

In the interim, we understand Randy has provided a list to you with the sug=
gested reassignments of Ruthe and Jamie's accounts.

We are hopeful we will be allowed to fill this position on our team and we =
look forward to visiting with you.

Thank you,
South Central=20

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Amy Mulligan
04/30/2001 10:52 AM
I have attached a spreadsheet that Elizabeth put together for us for our February invoicing so you can get an idea of the categories and the number of invoices.

These are the 7 categories Elizabeth checks, and how they can be redistributed:

Void Invoices: There are only two of these invoices each month, MSR's can check these, but Marketing will have to communicate when there are additional Invoices that need to be voided.
Delete Line Items: This can also be checked by MSR's but new contracts with these exceptions need to be explained by Marketing to the corresponding MSR for that customer
Volume Adjust: These are also only for exceptional contracts, MSR's can check these exceptions, but Marketing will have to explain exceptions on New Contracts to the corresponding MSR for that customer.
Make-up Volume: MSR's
Adjust Reservation Invoices for change in Credit for Commodity due to make-up: MSR's
Adjust Rate: Marketing
Regenerate Invoice: MSR's

 

We will start checking these for May Accounting,
The TW Team

I appreciate your input.  All the other teams voted for meeting at 2:00 p.m in the afternoon.  So that is probably
what we will go with.  Thanks.  Lynn

   

Per the conservation in the team leader meeting yesterday, the Omaha/Minneapolis Team would recommend that Estalee and Shelley be in attendance and the meeting be held during the lunch hour.  If you have any questions let us know.  Thanks

Randy

	Sherry, where was Jean?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, just wanted to let you know that we'd heard from Jean.  If air travel hasn't been restored, I expect this other "Directing Green" to rent a car and head southeast!

Jean sent an e-mail reporting they are fine and expect to debark in Vancouver on Saturday.  Hopefully air travel and normalcy (as much as possible) will have been restored by then.  She will keep us posted.

Any questions, please advise--thanks!

Jodie, did you ever meet with John?  Thanks. Lynn

   

Lynn,   I don't know if John copied you on this.  j.  floyd
Jodie - I have been meaning to give you a call.  I will be in Houston on Wednesday and was wondering if we could get together to visit for awhile.  Since we did a formal interview earlier I don't think we need to go back through the same stuff but, would like to get an update on what you have been doing.

It is going to be hectic tomorrow so I will have Rosemary give you a call to set a time.  

RY - Please set this up one hour for Jodie and I.  The other meetings planned for the day are NGPL and another meeting I need you to set for Mike Stage, Dave Neubauer and myself.  We will need 1.5 to 2 hours with Mike.  

Thanks.  John 

John,  I responded to the job you have posted.  Due to my promotion in February in Market Services it is a policy that I typically would not be allowed to respond to posted openings for a year.  I visited with Lynn this morning and expressed to her that I would like to respond to your opening.  Lynn agreed to let me respond.  Also,  Lynn has requested that you contact her if there is any interest in an interview.  She wants to make sure her t's are crossed and i's are dotted.  If you have any questions please give me a call @ 713.853.1465.

						thanks,  j.  floyd

Dale, does this help any?  Thanks. Lynn
Here's what we have so far on the code to be incorporate into the SCADA Excel Addin.  I'll come up today at 3:00 to discuss it.

1.  NNG CAS operational capacity

select 
 a.nb_poi,
 b.dt_date,
 qt_operational_cap_mcf = sum(a.qt_operational_cap_mcf)

from nngadhoc..cas_poi_oper_cap a,
 nngadhoc..tms_date b

where nb_cmpy = 179
 and nb_poi = 129
 and b.dt_date = convert (char(10), getdate(), 111)
-- and id_poi_role = 'R' ???
 and b.dt_date between dt_effective and dt_termination

group by 
 a.nb_poi,
 b.dt_date

2.  NNG Current month imbalance

	Alice in working on this one.

3.  NNG Accum. month imbalance

	Alice in working on this one.

4. NNG Storage previous day / current day into.

	Alice in working on this one.

Jamie, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Investinme@enron.com on 05/21/2001 04:26:21 PM
     JAMES LYNN is now enrolled in: 

     Basics of Risk Management
     1400 Smith Street
     Houston TX - Room 552
     0.00

     Class days and Times:
     06/21/2001 - 06/22/2001
       

 Click here to review class session information.  

We look forward to seeing JAMES in class.  Please call the Development Center at 713 853-0357 if you have any questions. 

Cancellation Policy:
Cancellation of class must be received at least 3 business days prior to class time in order to prevent charges to your Cost Center.  All "No Shows" will be charged the full cost of the course. Substitutes may be sent provided they have satisfied all course prerequisites. 

Tery, what did we do on this?  Thanks. Lynn
Fyi - I received a follow up memo from Linda on the above subject.  Should we investigate adding validation to CMS?

Tammy - after further investigation I found that someone did activate a request on 4/25/01 that was effective for 4/1/01. There were two requests going on at the same time.  I don't know why it was activated on the 25th for the 1st - we normally do not do that - I will check into it.

Linda
 
Linda Trevino
05/17/2001 07:35 AM
The MDQ on this contract did not change on 4/25/01.  A change was made in the CMS system on 4/25/01 to change the MDQ EFFECTIVE 5/1/01to 53,000.  The MDQ for the entire month of April was 30,000.  
There were no retroactive changes made on this contract.

Linda

 Terry,

You raise an excellent point.  First, let me clarify that when the change to the point mdq was input on 4/25, it was made retroactive to 4/1.  The TMS revalidation caught the change and made the adjust on 4/25/01 because this is the day the change was made in CMS.   TMS doesn't currently have the functionally in place to retroactively change scheduled quantities because of a retro change made by the upstream system.  The question is why was this change allowed by the upstream system?  Is there any business reason why we are changing contract data retroactively?  Is the current policy working?    We should probably get Rick involved get some of these questions addressed.

Regards,

Tammy

The revaildation worked for 4/25, but does not do anything to the prior days in the scheduling system,  unless we manual schedule it accordingly. Do we have any flags in the contract or scheduling system to keep us from back dating a contract to the first of the month, if prior days have scheduled volumes greater than the change made to that contract? In this case their were 13 days of 5,000 scheduled above the contract MDQ, which should be scheduled as overrun and billed at that rate.

  It looks like the revalidation process in TMS is paying off.  Thanks Jill.  

Raetta,

The pointMDQ was lowered on this contract on 4/25 at 10:07AM.  If you look at the Scheduled Quantity by Cycle Screen you can tell that the volume was lowered on the ID1 volume for 4/25 with a CQC reduction reason code (revalidation code).  They then changed their nom volume for the rest of the cycles.

If you have any questions, feel free to call me.

Jill
3-0664

FYI, Could you let me know why Utilicorp could schedule 35,000 at POI 3054 from 4/12 thru 4/24 when their MDQ was only 30,000.

Thanks,

Raetta

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

FYI.  Wasn't sure if I had sent this to you.,  Thanks. Lynn
Lynn Blair
05/17/2001 01:54 PM
Due to the manual billing required with Phase IV, we will delay the billing process
by one day.  We will mail out May Reservation invoices on June 1 instead of
May 31, 2001.

The team will track the time it takes to accomplish billing for May.  After that time we 
will deterime how June production will be billed. 

If you have any questions, please let Hilda or I know.  Thanks. Lynn

Larry and raetta, cand we make sure we do not bill for the vented gas.  Can we work with measurement and redcue
the actuals by the 8,000 to 10,000?  Steve, does anyone have the exact volume vented?  Thanks. Lynn

Steven January
06/01/2001 01:11 PM
Lynn, how would we handle this Accounting wise? Since it went through our meter, the customer is going to get credit for this gas and transportation, which he should not. We need to get this situation stopped. They should blow gas upstream of the meter.  Gary, can you check with Bandel and get an approximate volume that has been vented? Richard, great job in bringing this to our attention. sj

Gary Spraggins
06/01/2001 01:04 PM
It was brought to my attention this last weekend that when Warren Eunice goes sour and our valve shuts, there is a blow off valve down stream of our measurement that Warren  personnel are using to vent the sour gas until it turns sweet. So, while they are venting the gas we still show flow of 8,000 to 10,000 which is measured as if we received the gas. I have notified Bob Bandel and he is looking into the situation. They were not aware that this was happening. Richard brought this to my attention.

Gary

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Gary is right.  But if NGTS is the only contract, they will take the swing.=
  Or is Pioneer saying they
want to take the swing?  If Pioneer wants to do the swing, maybe they could=
 do a contract to
cover the swing volume only?  Karen and Larry, what do you think?  Thanks. =
Lynn

Gary Spraggins
06/01/2001 12:32 PM
We do not have OBA at non DAS points this may fall under small volume meter=
s, I will check.

gary

Nancy Callans
06/01/2001 11:08 AM
NGTS called me yesterday morning indicating that they were buying gas from =
Pioneer Gas Pipeline Company and receipting it at POI 401 (Gains Co. #2) fo=
r 6/1/01.  NGTS indicated that Pioneer Gas Pipeline Company wanted to buy b=
ack 100 Dths of this gas at POI 78163 and the system would not allow it.  I=
 pulled up POI 78163 only to discover that it was not a legitimate POI on N=
NG and that POI 401 was a receipt POI only.  I then went to Gary Spraggins =
to verify if their was a POI that NGTS could delivery gas off NNG for Pione=
er's compressor.

Received a call from Tim Green and Cindy White at Pioneer Gas Pipeline Comp=
any (915) 655-3300 explaining Pioneer sent in an agreement form to create a=
 new interconnect to take gas off NNG and mailed NNG a check to cover this =
expense.   I t went to Linda Trevino to see where we stood with this new ag=
reement.  Linda indicated that she had not activated POI 78163 as she did n=
ot have a reference contract.  I called Pioneer and they indicated that NGT=
S would be the only supplier at this POI.  I called Darren Brown at NGTS an=
d he informed me that he would be using contract 107903 to deliver gas to P=
ioneer's compressor starting 6/1/01.  I gave the contract information to Li=
nda and she activated the POI and it defaulted to active confirmation.  I c=
alled Tim at Pioneer and asked him if "active confirmation" was what he rea=
lly needed and he indicated that he would prefer "confirmation by exception=
".  I had him fill out "NNG Request for Operator Choice Form" and fax to me=
.  Linda  changed the operator option for Pioneer to reflect "confirmation =
by exception". =20

Tim Green asked if they could set up an OBA at POI 78163 as the compressor =
would not necessarily use the 100 Dths nomed daily?  I had him send an e:ma=
il request to Zula Carter and myself indicating POI 78163 be added to the O=
BA at POI 401 Gains County #2.   This e:mail request must be approved and Z=
ula Carter will advise us when this takes place.

I got involved in this as I schedule for NGTS although I realize POI 401 is=
 on the So TX Team and assigned to Janet.

If I you have any questions feel free to call me.

Nancy

Cindy White <cwhite@pioneergas.com> on 05/31/2001 03:59:44 PM

This is to request that point 78163 be added to OBA for point 103253 Gaines
County #2 401, effective June 1, 2001

Pioneer Gas Pipeline, Inc.
Phil Allard

If you have any questions please reply to cwhite@pioneergas.com or call me
at 915-655-3300

Thank you!

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Wanted to give everyone an update on the status of the new report format for the
morning meeting:

	The report is completed for all information except:

		Storage
		Operational Capacity
		Current and Accum Imbalances

The group working on this feels they will have all pieces of information 
available and the report completed by June 15, 2001.  The above referenced
fields have been a challenge to get  the data base populated as needed.  But this
group has done an excellent job in striving to give us an accurate report and not
giving up on possibilities.

As you are aware, Gary and Darrell have already started using the report
and we have changed how we report outages and allocations.  Storage will
change once the new report is completed.  

Don Powell and Dale Ratliff have been an excellent resource and very helpful to
ensure we get the product we need.  

If you have any other questions or any concerns about not getting the new
report before June 15th, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Alice, would you get with Jennifer and see if this is what we need and then let everyone know.  Call me if you need help.  Thanks.

I put a stored procedure on etsadhoc...adhoctest.  It is called jlowry.storage_report.  It expects two parameters, 1. the gas date and 2. the service type (FDD, IDD, or SBA).

I believe the calculations are what you requested in your document.  I have not worked on the swing calculation because I'm not sure I have access to all the required data.  Also, I think you probably want the scheduled withdrawal to be a negative number so you'll get the net when you add injection and withdrawal together.  I essentially changed your net calculation to be injection - withdrawal, rather than adding the two together.  If this is wrong, let me know and I'll correct it.

Let me know if you need anything else.

Jennifer
Jennifer,

The report with the storage criteria is attached at the bottom of this email.

Thanks,
Alice
Alice,
the information you need from TMS can be found in the etsadhoc database of ETSADHOC server (ETSADHOC.ets.enron.com; ip address: 172.30.10.144).
Depending on whether you need nomination or scheduled information, you will need to query against either the Nom or Sched table.

Let me know if you need more information

Thanx

I think this is you area of expertise.

I need to identify where certain storage and imbalance information reside on the  adhoc server. The attached document lists the data that is needed and where the data is in TMS. The next step is to identify which database stores the required information. 

Esther Dasilva has done some research and  found that part of this information is on the NNG adhoc database. We need your assistance to complete the mapping of this data to the adhoc tables. Can you meet with me and Esther on Tuesday to direct us to the correct path on mapping this data (see attached)?

Thanks,
Alice

					 << File: BO Critical Points.doc >> 

Tracy, we have already given the plaques to the employees, but I think they would like the case
as well.  So go ahead and send them to me and I will give them to the employees.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:

I sent service award plaques to you Friday, June 1, for Diana Porter and Karen Clapper.
The plaques should have been enclosed in a presentation case.
However, O.C. Tanner did not include the presentation cases in their packaging of the service awards.

The presentation cases should be delivered to me this week.

If you would like to hold off on the presentations, I will forward the cases to you
as soon as they are received from O.C. Tanner.

I apologize for this inconvenience.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
Tracy Scott
ETS HR

	Ava, what kind of calendars do you have?  Thanks. Lynn

As 2002 approaches you will be needing new calendars and organizer refills if you would like for me to place an order please send me an email of the item number and model of your organizer.  Also if you need a calendar let me know.

Thanks,
Ava-3-5842

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Tangie Dykes
06/04/2001 03:05 PM
Debbie

Northern has received a payment $820,000 for Strangers Gas.  The dollars were
placed under Oneok Field Services, SAP account number 4000003626 .  Would 
you please apply the dollars.

Thank you 

Tangie, very good letter.  I am assuming this does not include the PVR OBA, but all others.
Is that a right assumption?  Thanks. Lynn

Tangie Dykes
06/04/2001 02:51 PM
Jerry,

Attached you will find the Oneok OBA spreadsheets which identify the cumulative OBA imbalance
through April 2001.  In order to balance to your monthly Confirmation Letter that Northern sends I 
have made some changes to the spreadsheets to make it easier for both of us to identify the 
cumulative imbalance by contract.

As per our phone conversation the Burdett (17378) point was sold to Golden Belt Transport, LLC, 
effective 2/1/01 but, the imbalance volumes are still being placed under your OBA contract.  I am
working with others here at Northern to get this corrected.

Currently I have identified that Oneok owns Northern $2,401,128.62 on all the OBA contracts 
(Ellis-Woodward-Clark OBA's=$316,846.96 due NNG; Delhi Beaver OBA=$171,781.26 due Oneok;
Orignial OBAs = $2,212,211.59 due NNG).  It was stated that both parties would cash-in/out the 
imbalances on the Original OBA contracts, on a quarterly basis.  At this time I am requesting that we
cash-in/out the Original OBA's and the Delhi Beaver OBA since, Oneok no longer operates the 
point.

Please take a moment and review the volumes and dollars on the spreadsheets.  If you have any
concerns please let me know but, if you are in agreement would you please let me know when 
Northern can expect to receive payment.

 

Terry, what are your thoughts on these enhancements?  Thanks. Lynn
Janet McDaniel
06/04/2001 02:09 PM
Maggie,

I would like to submit the following suggestions for enhancements to the TMS system.  

  	a.  For printing Source Path and Allocation Path reports during the Allocation Process, the print function 		     should be set at permanent default of legal and landscape.  This would be a real time saver when 		    checking the allocated points for uncalled for cuts.

	b.  Customers would like to have subtotals by point and a grand total  on the storage daily activity report 		     (IDD/PNR Contract Balance).  We now have the grouping to sum function, but I think this is too  time 	     consuming for our customers.

	c.  In the Scheduled Quantities listings, instead of the box which now says "No cuts were found in this 		     cycle.  Do you want to continue checking?"  I think the notice for Final AM should be expanded to say 	    "Did you submit new nominations for the Final AM Cycle?  If not, please view Intraday 2 for any 		     possible cuts."  Since so few of our customers actually use the Final AM Cycle, I think this would be 		     helpful to our customers who are frequently under severe time restraints and stress when trying to 		     figure out what went wrong. 
 
	d.  I would like a serious investigation into the time required to do manual scheduling.  The slowness of 		     the system for this procedure is tortuous.   It is also a  serious time waster.

Please advise if you need further information.

Janet McDaniel
x3-1936

Anna, at this time we have no openings available on the Gas Logistic Teams.
Please do not hesitate to equire at any time and also watch the EBB for any postings.
Thanks. Lynn

 
Lynn,
Just checking to see if you have any openings.
Thanks,
Anna 
 
 
 
 
e-mail from 5/10/01 @ 11:27am
 
 
Lynn,
Bob Burleson suggested that I contact you regarding employment. I am currently in the process of posting out and am very interested in your department's positions which Bob briefly spoke to me about. Currently, I am working in the Tax Accounting area but have wanted to get back into the Operational and Financial side being that is where most of my experience lies. 
I am attaching my resume for consideration. 
Thank you very much for your time,
Anna 
 
 
 
Anna C. Salazar 
Enron Corp 
P.O. Box 1188 
Houston, Texas 77251-1188 
Tax Accountant 
713-345-8722 

 
  

Nancy, can we meet today at 1:30 to go over my budget?  Please let me know
if that works for you.  Thanks. Lynn

Due to the June 1 changes in Shelley's organization, I'll need your
timekeepers to give me your new payroll distribution percentages.  I'm
preparing a new "budget" for Shelley, and would appreciate this
information by the end of this week if possible.

Sheila, I'm sorry I didn't respond to your call last week.  I was on
vacation, and forgot to change my phone greeting.
Call me if you need anything.

Thanks,
Nancy (x36311)

Mary, you probably saw this, but thought you might find it interesting.  Thank.s Lynn
Oneok Fined for Contempt by OCC Judge 
An administrative law judge at the Oklahoma Corporation Commission last week found Oneok and two of its subsidiaries, Oklahoma Energy Marketing and Trading and Oneok Gas Storage, in contempt for their refusal to provide documentation of their gas sales. The judge recommended to the commission that the companies be fined $2,000 per day retroactive to May 8 and lasting until they comply with the commission order. 
Oneok and its subsidiaries claim the information is proprietary and that the commission has no legal right to have access to its unregulated gas sales transactions. The matter is expected to go before the full commission later this month. 
OCC Public Utility Division Director Ernest Johnson called the companies continued refusal to allow access to the documents "mystifying." 
"They have twice tried unsuccessfully to have the Oklahoma Supreme Court stop staff in its attempt to get the documents. Now they have simply refused to turn over the documents. A paid witness for Oneok recently testified that the dealings between Oneok subsidiaries and ONG were arms-length competitive transactions, and the resulting charges were fair, just, and reasonable. One would think Oneok would be anxious to show staff that such was actually the case, and that the decisions made were in the best interest of the consumer," said Johnson. 
"This is simply a case of commission staff trying to get the information needed to ascertain whether the customers of a regulated monopoly (ONG) paid a fair, just and reasonable price for their natural gas this past winter." 
John said the commission staff received numerous complaints from gas customers struggling with high gas bills this past winter. They best illustrate the reason behind the staff's request for documents from companies owned by Oneok, the parent company of ONG, he said in an earlier statement. 
"It is the Commission's responsibility and obligation to review and determine whether ONG's customers are paying no more for gas than the law allows. Staff is simply trying to do that. It is regrettable Oneok apparently does not see fit to work cooperatively with OCC staff to strengthen the public's confidence in the utility and the regulatory process. Its refusal to turn over data related to gas transactions of its subsidiaries further undermines a public confidence already badly shaken by the gas crisis." 

Thanks. Lynn
Ava.Garcia@ENRON.com on 06/04/2001 09:22:22 AM
Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been forwarded to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com

Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Nancy, I can go either way.  If you guys want to meet and then I can catch up with
Donna that is fine.  I just wanted to be sure we got you the answers you needed.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
I met with Donna this morning to talk about the budget.  I'm preparing a worksheet so that we can get all the changes straight.
If you'd like to meet with us I can let you know when I'll be there.  We don't have a firm time because I don't know how long this report will take.  
Nancy

Nancy, can we meet today at 1:30 to go over my budget?  Please let me know
if that works for you.  Thanks. Lynn

 
Due to the June 1 changes in Shelley's organization, I'll need your
timekeepers to give me your new payroll distribution percentages.  I'm
preparing a new "budget" for Shelley, and would appreciate this
information by the end of this week if possible.

Sheila, I'm sorry I didn't respond to your call last week.  I was on
vacation, and forgot to change my phone greeting.
Call me if you need anything.

Thanks,
Nancy (x36311)

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Amy, are they paying for all the expenses except air fare?  If so, go ahead and
plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn

Amy Mulligan
06/05/2001 10:06 AM
I have been invited to attend the ENA Customer Meeting July 21-23 in Miami. The only day I will be out of the office is Monday July 23 and that works for the team.  I will be responding back to ENA soon and wanted to make sure it was OK with you.

Thanks,
Amy

Alma, how is this for Diana?  Is that enough?  Please call me if you need more.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava,
Note about Diana for the 25 Yr Banquet:
Diana never meets a stranger and you can find Diana almost every weekend ministering to people, whether in prison, on the streets of Houston or down at the Mardi Gras in Galveston.  Always willing and able to help others.

	Donna, did you and Shelley have any more discussion on the move and getting a letter
	to the reps?  I would like to send something out to them.  There are a lot of questions.
	Thanks. Lynn

Just wanted to let everyone know that I have ordered 50 boxes that are to be used to send any old files to the Record Center.  When you get ready to use these, please let me know because there are numbered stickers for each box that I will also need to give you along with directions on how the transmittal sheets are to be typed up.  If you have any questions, please don't hestitate to ask me as we want to make sure that we have followed the Record Center procedures correctly.

Thanks,

Raetta

Please read the note below and let's all make an effort to ensure Omaha can hear us in the 
Morning Meeting.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn
Steven January
06/05/2001 12:00 PM
After having attended the moring meeting in Omaha the past couple of days, I need to pass along the following observations. I only included on the address list the ones that I could think of off the top of my head who regularly attend the meeting, so please don't think I've limited the list and please pass this on to the others who attend. 

The microphones in Houston are extremely sensitive to any noise. Paper shuffling is the biggest problem. Even "straightening" papers or turning a page has the effect of blocking out the speakers voice. Gas Dailies should be left at your desk. Whispering can also be heard. It tends to make it very difficult to hear in Omaha. It is also imperative that the microphone be put very near the person who speaking, particularly if their voice doesn't carry. I don't quite understand when it can pick up whispers, but can't pick up a softer speaker's voice, but that's the way it is. I think if we are all aware of that, we can greatly enhance the quality of the meeting for the Omaha participants. thanks sj

Diana is very much a team player and ensures all the team members' accounts are
billed accurately each month.   Diana is a very positive influence on her team.
She is the first one to bring resolution to the table on any reconciliation that needs to be done
on team issues as well as business issues.

Accomplishments -  Diana was nominated and selected for the Chairman's Award.

Alma, hopefully this helps.  Thanks. Lynn

Hi Lynn.

How about major accomplishments or contributions to the team?  
Alma, how is this for Diana?  Is that enough?  Please call me if you need more.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava,
Note about Diana for the 25 Yr Banquet:
Diana never meets a stranger and you can find Diana almost every weekend ministering to people, whether in prison, on the streets of Houston or down at the Mardi Gras in Galveston.  Always willing and able to help others.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Linda Brooks just telephoned in response to our questions regarding the lack of injection activity on the above contract as mentioned in the Gas Control Meeting this morning.  She said Kurt Batenhorst didn't realize this contract was still out there, and they will begin injecting on the 7th.

Any questions, please advise -- ext. 3-3063 -- thanks.

Raetta, were these valid?  Thanks. Lynn

Raetta Zadow
06/05/2001 08:02 AM
Kathy/Sherry - as I was looking at the imbalance invoice log this morning, I noticed that IES Utilities has priors totaling $2,036,585.73 for the production months of 11/2000 thru 04/2001 and Owatonna Public Utilities has priors totaling $144,578.68 for the production months of 11/2000 thru 02/2001.  I just wanted to make sure that these were valid before we close priors tomorrow (6/6).  Let me know if these are not valid.

Thanks,

Raetta

Kathy/Sherry - IES also has DDVC invoices for the same months totaling $6,068.55 and Owatonna has DDVC invoices for the same months totaling $160,246.75.

Steve, this is going to possible make a difference in how much gets scheduled
at Socal.  So you may see a little lower numbers at time.  Let's discuss if that
does not make sense.  Thanks. Lynn
Darrell Schoolcraft
06/04/2001 12:42 PM
Spoke to Lynn Blair, Kim Watson, Cynthia Rivers, Linda Ward, and Terry Kowalke, we would like to hold the same 
scheduled numbers on ID/2 from San Juan Lateral as we had scheduled for ID/1 from San Juan Lateral.  
We think this will help us minimize our Operator and Shipper imbalances.  
Please let us know if we start getting complaints from our customers.  
If anyone has other ideas or comments please let us know.

Example:

Non-Grid--    San Juan Scheduled      870,000
ID/1                                                                875,000
ID/2                                                                875,000 
(we will have to do the right mouse click and update the capacity to the flow rate needed.)

Larry and Raetta, are we covered on the billing?  Thanks. Lynn

Steven January
06/01/2001 05:44 PM
Gary will be checking with Bandel next week. sj

Lynn Blair
06/01/2001 04:38 PM
Larry and raetta, cand we make sure we do not bill for the vented gas.  Can we work with measurement and redcue
the actuals by the 8,000 to 10,000?  Steve, does anyone have the exact volume vented?  Thanks. Lynn

Steven January
06/01/2001 01:11 PM
Lynn, how would we handle this Accounting wise? Since it went through our meter, the customer is going to get credit for this gas and transportation, which he should not. We need to get this situation stopped. They should blow gas upstream of the meter.  Gary, can you check with Bandel and get an approximate volume that has been vented? Richard, great job in bringing this to our attention. sj

Gary Spraggins
06/01/2001 01:04 PM
It was brought to my attention this last weekend that when Warren Eunice goes sour and our valve shuts, there is a blow off valve down stream of our measurement that Warren  personnel are using to vent the sour gas until it turns sweet. So, while they are venting the gas we still show flow of 8,000 to 10,000 which is measured as if we received the gas. I have notified Bob Bandel and he is looking into the situation. They were not aware that this was happening. Richard brought this to my attention.

Gary

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>

Since I missed part of the meeting Friday, what was the to do on this topic?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, just to follow up:  Should I be doing anything further regarding the Terra Nitrogen Corporation A/R issue as detailed below.  I am certain this will come up in the Customer Accounts Meeting this Friday, and I'd like to make sure we (Market Services) have covered everything possible.

Thanks,
S.

Per Frank's telecon this afternoon:  He has made repeated telephone calls to Audie Bremmer -- Audie has not returned any of his calls.  Frank even tried to arrange a time to visit with Audie on a recent trip to see MidAm. 

Frank will be putting a letter to Terra together in the next day or two, and will send a copy to me.  Will keep you informed -- thanks.

Terra is building an outstanding balance due NNG on the A/R, and an explanation is in order for the sequence of events.  With the latest Commodity Close, the A/R will total $528,445.91, which includes a PPA in the amount of $171,217.80 (February).  This will be rolling on to the 30 days' Customer report very shortly.

Earlier this spring, discussions were held with Loren and Frank regarding Terra's contract #104684 and December's transportation invoice.  Scheduled quantities reports for December 2000 through February 2001 were sent for their review.  

The decision was made to repath the December Reservation in order to revise the base/variable volumes which resulted in a PPA in the amount of $175,507.80.  A PPA form was signed by all parties and forwarded accordingly.  In early March, we determined we had monies due Terra and after discussions with Loren, it was agreed we would net all invoices currently on the A/R -- this included the December PPA.   Bill Fowler had talked to TransCanada and left a detailed voicemail for Audie Bremmer, Terra.  The net monies wired to Terra totaled $295,155.36.

In late March, Loren advised us to repath the February Reservation in order to revise the base/variable volumes which resulted in a PPA in the amount of $171,217.80.  A PPA form was signed by all parties for this one as well.  There was no reason to repath January 2001.

In April, Kathy tried to telephone Audie who would not return her call.  His message to her, through his assistant (Maggie), was that he would not pay any invoice without a telephone call from Frank.  This was relayed to Loren and he relayed same to Frank.  As a side note, Frank had seen Audie at some industry function fairly recently and had tried to call Audie -- Audie had not returned his calls.  

In last week's followup with Loren, he relayed that Frank had visited with Dave Neubauer on this issue, and the feeling was that December was closed and we would waive February.  However, Bill Fowler feels February should still stand.  Loren shared there was a similar deal with Minnegasco and they had to pay the revised invoice.  If we allowed the February to be waived, TransCanada would relay that info to Minnegasco.

I plan to talk to Loren again mid-week to update this issue to see if he and Frank feel the timing is acceptable for us to contact Audie.  Should anyone have any questions or suggestions, please advise -- will be in the office 6:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. this week. 

Thanks,
S.

Estallee, how do we handle this?  Throught the PRC or seperately?  Thanks. Lynn
Janet McDaniel
05/16/2001 05:32 PM
The South Central Team has discussed Debra's Corrective Action Report and feel that she has met the demands we placed on her at the time the report was issued.  We have seen Debra work hard to get up to speed on our various interconnects and other procedures this year.  Debra has sharpened her focus on our business, gained competence in all areas requested, and is now able to support the team when needed.  We therefore request that this report be removed from her file. 

 Please let me know if anything more is needed to complete this updating for Debra. 

Thank you,

Janet McDaniel for the South Central Team

Jerr, have you seen this letter?  Wanted to keep you in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn
Steven January
05/16/2001 03:25 PM
FYI. This is the letter sent to Minnegasco. They have agreed to move 100 mmcf from Trailblazer to Ventura as  a result. sj
 

Deb Cappiello
Northern Natural Gas Company
Business Development & Marketing
402-398-7098
Fax:  402-398-7445
e-mail: deb.cappiello@enron.com

Sheila, FYI.  I had Hilda pull this info together for me when we were justifying moving
reservation billing by one day.  This will need to be talked about for July billing of
June production.  Thanks. Lynn
Hilda Lindley
05/11/2001 12:01 PM
Lynn, here is the average of invoices issued for reservation, as well as FTS-2 contracts (affected by phase IV). I hope this information may help. Hilda

 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Please note that MidAmerican Energy Company has requested that we no longer use "MidAm" to refer to the company.  
The appropriate references are either "MidAmerican Energy Company" or "MEC".  

If "MidAm" is used in any future contracts, etc., MidAmerican may refuse to sign.

Ava, what is the status of setting up the follow up meeting for those that =
did not attend?
Frazier King can tell you when they will have the tape.  Let's be sure to s=
et this up by
the end of June if possible.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn Blair
05/01/2001 08:45 AM
I realize the below referenced classes are during PRC.  I have talked with =
Frazier and here is our game plan for the
teams.  If you can attend one of the sessions below, please make every effo=
rt to attend.  If you cannot attend, then let Ava know and she
will keep track of names for me.  After the PRC process we will set up a vi=
deo  for you to watch.  It is very critical we
all attend the meeting or see the video. =20

Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

--
From Drew Fossum

The Enron Transportation Services Legal Department will present the Annual =
Antitrust Program in Houston on:

May 8=09=09EB5C2=09=092:00-3:00 p.m.
May 17=09=09EB49C2=093:00-4:00 p.m.
May 22=09=09EB5C2=09=092:00-3:00 p.m.

Refreshments will be served.

It is ETS's policy that all marketing and business development personnel at=
tend this seminar each year.  The purpose of this program is to provide a r=
efresher on basic antitrust laws and "Do's and don'ts" for conducting busin=
ess.  IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU ATTEMPT TO ARRANGE YOUR SCHEDULE TO ATTEND. =
 PLEASE MAKE SURE TO SIGN IN WHEN YOU ATTEND.

The May 17 session will be transmitted to the video conference rooms in bot=
h Maitland and Omaha.  As seating for the May 17 video presentation is limi=
ted in all locations, please call the following for reservations for that d=
ate;

Houston (30 seats)=09Janet Cones=09X 3-1540
Omaha (3C1-20 seats)=09Ann Smith =09X 7091
Maitland (20 seats)=09Jimmy Dowden =09X 7080=20
=09=09
Because the video conference room in Omaha will not accommodate all personn=
el, a video tape presentation will be scheduled by Dari Dornan for Northern=
 personnel and by Janet Place for Northern Border personnel. =20

If extenuating circumstances prevent any personnel in Houston from attendin=
g, please call Janet Cones (X 3-1530) to see the video tape.

Please be advised that in addition to the annual antitrust presentation, ET=
S Legal also provides an on-line Antitrust Handbook for you easy reference.=
  To access the Handbook, go to the "Enron Transportation Services" Intrane=
t site, click on "ETS Legal", then click on "Antitrust Handbook and Standar=
ds of Conduct". =20

Attorneys will receive CLE credit.

 << File: Cones, Janet.vcf >>=20

Ricki, no problem.  Let's also book 4194 for the day and I will talk to 
the three people that have meetings in 4194 to let them know they
could use my office.   Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn & Donna, I will not release the Gas Control Conference room until Monday morning, just in case someone up there bumps us.

Thank you,
Ricki

Please make note that the PRC Smoothing Process scheduled for Monday June 11th will start at 7:30 AM and conclude at 4:30 PM in EB42C1 (Gas Control Conference Room).  Also, I wanted to let you know that Shelley will be leaving briefly to attend Stan's staff meeting.

Thank you,
Ricki

Ricki, I have talked with all the parties that have meetings on June 11 in 4194.

They will use my office if we have to bump them.  Thanks.  Lynn

FYI.  We are accumulating the requests and will meet at a later date to 
determine if we add any points.  Thanks. Lynn
Kent Miller
06/06/2001 12:55 PM
Thanks for implementing this report in the morning meetings!  As we discussed this morning, let's plan on living with this report for a while and we can be accumulating comments for additions/changes and address those after we have had a chance to live with the report a while.

Kent

Lynn Blair
06/01/2001 05:30 PM
Wanted to give everyone an update on the status of the new report format for the
morning meeting:

	The report is completed for all information except:

		Storage
		Operational Capacity
		Current and Accum Imbalances

The group working on this feels they will have all pieces of information 
available and the report completed by June 15, 2001.  The above referenced
fields have been a challenge to get  the data base populated as needed.  But this
group has done an excellent job in striving to give us an accurate report and not
giving up on possibilities.

As you are aware, Gary and Darrell have already started using the report
and we have changed how we report outages and allocations.  Storage will
change once the new report is completed.  

Don Powell and Dale Ratliff have been an excellent resource and very helpful to
ensure we get the product we need.  

If you have any other questions or any concerns about not getting the new
report before June 15th, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Jean, I believe everyone received the same message.  The only response
is if you fit the criteria below.  I am assuming you do not.  Please let me know
if we need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Jean Adams
06/06/2001 11:39 AM
FYI - I received this today.  Does this require a response from NNG?

Sent by:	Enron Announcements

We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptions for ENA's NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.  These applications require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agents have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any related commodity future(s) account either individually or acting with another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.

Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany email or call her at (713) 853-3399 by the end of business on June 15, 2001 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any commodity futures account (other than an ENA or other trading affiliate account).

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A COMMODITY FUTURES ACCOUNT, YOU DO NOT NEED TO RESPOND TO THIS REQUEST.

John, what is the status of the agreement with UCU at the Sunflower
point?  Are you still waiting to hear from Karen?  Thanks. Lynn

Alma, hope this helps.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks. Lynn
Mary Phillips
06/07/2001 09:34 AM
Karen has a real phobia about spiders.  One time Karen and I and three of our team members went out to lunch.  As we were leaving the restaurant, Karen was sitting in the back seat.  I started backing the car out of the parking lot when Karen screamed.  Thought I had hit someone.  I looked back and Karen was climbing on top of Anita and Bill trying to get in the back window.  She had spotted a spider that had dropped down on a drag line.  That's when we decided to help Karen get over her phobia.  We started planting little plastic spiders in all her file folders and desk drawers.  So for the next couple years we would hear Karens little scream when she would run across our little surprise.  Think we helped her get over her phobia.  I'm sure when she sees a spider now she probably remembers her old teammates.

Karen is the official Food Monitor for the team.  She tracks the fat grams and caloric intake for those of us who can't count but love to eat.  We are always excited when she is gone on vacation because we don't have to hide our food.

Karen has done an excellent job of handling one of our most difficult interconnecting pipelines.  The customers love Karen's positive attitude and great sense of humor.

Karen carries a contagious disease called "A love of life" with an upbeat, positive attitude and an infectious giggle that surrounds our team.

Terry, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn
Lynn,

I notice that Duke is taking gas from Pony Express in 16A and deilvering it to the Mid 16A - 1707 Pool, which is the pool used for only Bushton Tailgate pooling.  Since Duke is transporting and paying fuel and commodity to deliver there (rather than pooling), I am OK with this from a marketing perspective.  However, since this pool was established to separate Bushton Tailgate gas from other 16A gas, are you OK with this?  Their other alternative is to Pool to Mid 16A pool using MPS for free and then the downstream shipper would have to pay fuel and commodity when they take it away (netting a lower price to Duke).  I don't know if they are meeting some obligation for Tailgate gas using Pony gas as an option.  Let me know what you would like to do.

Thanks!

Scott, per our conversation this afternoon, I wanted to follow up with this
email.

We would appreicate help in ensuring NO ONE works on Gary Spraggins 
machine on the weekend.  For the last several weekends, he has come
in on Monday mornings and cannot log into the system.  Gary and
Darrell Schoolcraft are on NT while the rest of this floor (41) are
on Windows 95.  

If you need more explanation, please call Dale Ratliff or Steve January.

Thanks. Lynn

Per Terry's comments, we have the "blocks" in the system to prevent
any shipper from going to 16A back into the "Bushton Universe".  As long
as that block is in place, we are OK with Duke using 16A for pooling purposes.
Hopefully this answers your question.  If not let me know.  Thanks. Lynn
Terry Kowalke
06/07/2001 01:32 PM
In talking with Tangie and Harry, we do not see any reason why they can't  do this. There should be stops in the system to keep it from going back in to the Bushton Universe.

Terry Kowalke

Lynn,

I notice that Duke is taking gas from Pony Express in 16A and deilvering it to the Mid 16A - 1707 Pool, which is the pool used for only Bushton Tailgate pooling.  Since Duke is transporting and paying fuel and commodity to deliver there (rather than pooling), I am OK with this from a marketing perspective.  However, since this pool was established to separate Bushton Tailgate gas from other 16A gas, are you OK with this?  Their other alternative is to Pool to Mid 16A pool using MPS for free and then the downstream shipper would have to pay fuel and commodity when they take it away (netting a lower price to Duke).  I don't know if they are meeting some obligation for Tailgate gas using Pony gas as an option.  Let me know what you would like to do.

Thanks!

<Embedded StdOleLink>

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Transwestern Denies Withheld Capacity to Boost Negotiated Deals 
A Transwestern Pipeline executive yesterday dismissed allegations that the pipeline withheld firm transportation capacity bound for California from its recourse-rate shippers last winter in order to free up more capacity for contracts at substantially higher negotiated rates. 
Mary Kay Miller, vice president of rates and certificates, acknowledged Transwestern may have had discussions and exchanged faxes (prior to posting its available capacity) with two shippers -- Sempra Energy and Richardson Products II Ltd. -- that subsequently entered into negotiated-rate transactions. But she stressed that requests for capacity by Sempra Energy and Richardson were considered "moot" by the pipeline until after the available operational capacity was posted. 
"Even if they would have sent...a fax the day before" capacity became available, "it would have been irrelevant because there was no capacity posted" at that time, said Miller. Capacity requests that came in prior to Jan. 31, the day that available capacity was posted for February contracts on Transwestern, were "null and void." The only "relevant" ones were those that Transwestern received on or after Jan. 31, she noted. 
Miller spent much of Wednesday on the stand being quizzed by lawyers for FERC and producers about Transwestern's methods for notifying customers about available capacity, the manner in which it chooses winning bids and about its pre-posting contacts with Sempra Energy and Richardson. 
It was the first day of a FERC hearing exploring charges that Transwestern exercised market power in awarding negotiated-rate contracts that led to shippers being charged as much as $27/MMBtu last February, far in excess of the pipeline's maximum allowed rate of 38 cents/MMBtu for firm transportation service to the California border. The Commission proceeding yesterday focused on four negotiated-rate contracts of Sempra Energy and Richardson for a total 45,000 MMBtu/d of service on Transwestern during February and March. 
Richardson and Sempra "clearly did not have any 'deal' entitling them to the posted capacity before it was posted," Miller said in prepared rebuttal testimony. The two companies "had the right to the capacity only 'after' they submitted their bids, 'after' the posting period ended, 'after' Transwestern determined that no other bids were submitted, and 'after' a contract was agreed upon between Transwestern, Richardson or Sempra," she noted. 
Despite claims made by FERC energy industry analyst Barry E. Sullivan to the contrary, "Transwestern did not withhold capacity that otherwise could have been made available under recourse rates in order to make the capacity available under substantially higher negotiated rates," Miller testified. 
Sullivan, an analyst in the FERC Office of Markets, Tariffs and Rates' (OMTR) Division of Litigation, contends that Transwestern threatened to withhold capacity unless shippers agreed to negotiated rates (see Daily GPI, Aug. 29 <http://www.intelligencepress.com/subscribers/daily/news/d20010829e.html>). In fact, he believes the pre-posting discussions between Transwestern and shippers were intended to raise doubts about the availability of capacity at the maximum recourse rate, so that shippers might be more "willing to enter into negotiated-rate contracts above the recourse rate, in the hope of securing some of the capacity if and when [it became] available." But Miller counters that Sullivan "offers not support for his claim." 
She noted that even Sempra Energy and Richardson, in response to a data request by Southern California Edison, support Transwestern's claims. Both companies replied "no" when asked whether "any employee of Transwestern or any Transwestern affiliate ever indicated at any time that Transwestern would not provide the capacity at the maximum tariff rate." 
The "capacity at issue was offered on Transwestern's web site at the recourse rate in the exact same manner that all other capacity is offered on Transwestern's web site at the recourse rate; there was no prohibition, restrictions, limitation, condition or suggestion that a potential shipper could not bid for the capacity at the recourse rate; and any potential shipper, including Richardson or Sempra, could have submitted a bid for the capacity at the recourse rate." 
Sullivan contends that Transwestern's motive for allegedly advancing negotiated-rate transactions at the expense of recourse-rate deals was pure profit. Under questioning by Thomas J. Burgess of FERC's OMTR, Miller conceded that Transwestern earned $1.8 million from Sempra Energy's contract in March, $1.3 million from Richardson's March contract, and a "comparable" amount from Richardson's February contract. She noted the pipeline received a "substantially higher" amount as a result of Sempra's February contract, but she didn't provide an exact figure. FERC's Sullivan estimated the pipeline's profit from the Sempra February contract was more than $5 million. 
Sullivan said that much of the profits that wound up in Transwestern's coffers would have gone to Sempra Energy and Richardson if they have been able to acquire the capacity at recourse rates. But Miller countered that the Commission's negotiated-rate policy "does not require a minimum level of profit to shippers or contemplate any hindsight analysis of whether shippers could have gotten a better deal or made more profits." 
Furthermore, she said the Transwestern case shouldn't be used to consider changes to the negotiated-rate policy, as Sullivan has suggested. This case "is the wrong forum for such an issue because modifying the negotiated-rate policy should only be done on an industry-wide basis so no pipeline or group of pipeline customers is competitively disadvantaged." 

	Wanted to be sure you were both in the loop that we are NOT posting Shipper
	imbalances to the Web, only OBA Dollar Valued agreements.  If you have any
	questions, please let me know.  This was decided after a meeting this morning
	with Shelley and Teb to review TW tariff and compliance.  Thanks. Lynn	

FYI - TW Imbalances...

Please review the attached draft on the TW posting for trading imbalances.
The data is not real imbalance data.I wanted to get a draft out since Glen would be out of the office until Thursday.
Please make any changes to the document & return to me by COB Wednesday, 9/12/01. I will then send a revised final draft out on Thursday and Richard will send the imblance posting document to Toby on Friday afternoon for posting.

Thanks Ramona

 

Lindy, I will be out of the office that week.  But Terry Kowalke will set in for me.  
Thanks. Lynn

I would like to schedule a meeting for Thursday, June 21st to review the Daily Imbalance Report Ken Powers has been developing.  The report compares the "paper" volumes with the "physical" volumes on TW on a daily basis.  This report has been developed as a tool for managing TW's linepack.  The next step will be to develop some financial analysis tools to use in conjunction with this report to help TW make operational and financial decisions on a daily basis concerning management of our OBA's, PNR and fuel.

Please let me know as soon as possible if 10:00 would be good for you or if another time on Thursday would be better.

Attached is the agenda for the TW Imbalance meeting on:

	Tuesday, June 12, 2001
	1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m.
	EB4102

			 

If you have any additions to this agenda, please let Ava know.  She will add
the additions and resend the agenda.

Thanks. Lynn

Shane, Sheila is in Arkansas.  She is doing a lot better.  Her "tingling
in her arm and leg acted up again.  Hopefully she will be home
this weekend.  I'll let you know when we hear something for sure.  Thanks. Lynn

       Lynn:

    I heard that Sheila is in the hospital in Arizona.  I am very concerned about her.  Do you know what is wrong, how can I get in touch with her or Tom?

    Please let me know

     Thanks

      Shane

Since I am out of the office Friday, would you please work with Donna
on the bullets we want in Shelley's weekly report.  Thanks. Lynn

=20

Ignore the next message.  I sent you the wrong bullets.  I would
like for you guys to work with Donna on the bullets from our group
that should be in Shelley's weekly report.  Thanks. Lynn

=20

Ava, I still cannot get in to ibuyit.  Were you able to get ahold of anyone?  Thanks. Lynn
<iBuyit.Payables@Enron.com> on 06/11/2001 09:00:06 AM
Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com

Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Scott, thanks for your help and quick response.  Lynn

Lynn,

Glenn Stovall provided some information on Gary's machine.  I'll cover this info with Gary and Steve and see where to go from there.

-Scott.

Scott, per our conversation this afternoon, I wanted to follow up with this
email.

We would appreicate help in ensuring NO ONE works on Gary Spraggins 
machine on the weekend.  For the last several weekends, he has come
in on Monday mornings and cannot log into the system.  Gary and
Darrell Schoolcraft are on NT while the rest of this floor (41) are
on Windows 95.  

If you need more explanation, please call Dale Ratliff or Steve January.

Thanks. Lynn

Beverly, thank you so much for your help this weekend and your offer to come into the office.  Between you, Amy and Terry
we got through the weekend without a glitch on our side (even though we had system problems).  Tracy, I understand all is
OK at your house.  I am glad to hear.  Cynthia, I understand you had some damage.  Please let us know if we can help in any
way.  Linda and Bert, were you guys OK?  Thanks. Lynn

   

Since most of Houston is underwater and the Weather services is anticipate more rain today, Tracy and I have decided that I  will be working the late shift tonight.  Tracy's street is flooded and she doesn't know if she can get out of the subdivision.  She and I will talk later to see if it is necessary for me to work Sunday night.

Will keep you posted.  Amy, if you need any help, please call me.

Thanks,
Beverly

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Lynn Blair
06/07/2001 05:36 PM
Attached is the agenda for the TW Imbalance meeting on:

	Tuesday, June 12, 2001
	1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m.
	EB4102

			 

If you have any additions to this agenda, please let Ava know.  She will add
the additions and resend the agenda.

Thanks. Lynn

Sheila is now at home.  She is feeling better, but has a ways to go.
They are still running test to determine the problem.  We will
keep you posted as we get more information.

Below is Sheila's address to send her a card.  I know she would
appreciate our prayers and encouragement.

	Mrs. Sheila Nacey
	8630 Pine Falls Dr.
	Houston, TX  77095
	

    I do not understand this schedule.  Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings?  Also can you give
    me the schedule for the weekends now that you have Diana and Renee on the weekends?
    Plus I would like to know what customers you gave Diana and Renee from a scheduling perspective
    and what you took away from them from an accounting perspective to even the workloads.
    Could one of you schedule some time with me and John to review the above questions?
    Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
    The team has decided that we only need one primary evening person, which is Shirley Walden.  In the event that Shirley is out of the office, the team will use a rotational schedule between all team members to cover the evening shift.  I have attached a tentative schedule for evening coverage. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.

Randy Bryan 
Market Services Representative 
Northern Natural Gas Company 
(713) 853-0438 

 

Thought you would appreciate this.  Thanks. Lynn

>A STRONG WOMAN VERSUS A WOMAN OF STRENGTH=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman works out every day to keep her body in shape...but a woma=
n=20
>>of strength looks deep inside to keep her soul in shape.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman isn't afraid of anything...but a woman of strength shows=
=20
>>courage in the midst of her fear.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman won't let anyone get the best of her...=20
>>but a woman of strength gives the best of her to everyone.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman makes mistakes & avoids the same in the future...a woman o=
f=20
>>strength realizes life's mistakes can also be blessings & capitalizes on=
=20
>>them.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman walks sure footedly...but a woman of strength knows when t=
o=20
>>ask for help.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman wears the look of confidence on her face...=20
>>but a woman of strength wears grace.=20
>>=20
>>A strong woman has faith that she is strong enough for the journey...but =
a=20
>>woman of strength has faith that it is in the journey that she will becom=
e=20
>>strong.=20
>>=20
>>Pass this on to every good woman...I just did.=20

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  j.  floyd	
Dari Dornan
06/07/2001 05:30 PM
Attached please find a proposed letter responding to MidAm's letter of May 30.  This already includes Drew's revisions.  Jodi - would you please verify the facts in this letter.  Thanks, Dari

 

Terry, would you please attend for me.  Thanks. Lynn
Please note, EB-49C2 - VCR - has been reserved for this meeting.

Please mark your calendars.

adr

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

Please put this meeting on your calendars at 10:00 on Thursday, June 21st.  

Audrey,
	Would you please schedule a conference room and let us know where the meeting will be held? 
Thanks!

I would like to schedule a meeting for Thursday, June 21st to review the Daily Imbalance Report Ken Powers has been developing.  The report compares the "paper" volumes with the "physical" volumes on TW on a daily basis.  This report has been developed as a tool for managing TW's linepack.  The next step will be to develop some financial analysis tools to use in conjunction with this report to help TW make operational and financial decisions on a daily basis concerning management of our OBA's, PNR and fuel.

Please let me know as soon as possible if 10:00 would be good for you or if another time on Thursday would be better.

Toby, what is the answer to this question.  Thanks. Lynn
I found your name on the site, I'm guessing you might be the best person to
lob this question towards...

I'm looking at operational capacity on this site
http://www.tw.enron.com/twdb/etfr_avcap.html
And I can input the gas day, for today or tomorrow.  But when I get results
back it is ambiguous as to which cycle the gas is flowing in.  Are they all
for the timely cycle or are the evening and intraday cycles thrown in there
as well.  And if they are thrown in there, do I just have to know WHEN the
different cycles are posted and use that as my guide (IE if I'm looking at
results around 14:00 those would be for intraday1 cycle)????

Are you even the person I should ask?

Thanks,
Brian Robinhold
FT Energy
brobinhold@ftenergy.com
720-548-5722

I wanted to say I really enjoyed our visit as well.  It has been a long time since I have set
down and just visited with friends.  Jane, thanks for taking the intiative to make this happen.
I agree, we need to do this again.  Tell Amanda, Seth and Kirby "hi" for me.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn and Jane,

I really enjoyed our visit last night.  Thanks so much for taking the time to come see us and meet Seth.  Amanda woke up talking about you both!

Thanks again and let's get together...soon!

Gina

Maggie, tell me what you need and I will be glad to  approve this request for Mike.  Thanks.  Lynn

Michael Wagoner
06/12/2001 12:43 PM
Maggie - Rick is not here for ten days.   Can you get someone else to approve it such as Mike Bryant or Lynn Blair?   I really need to get moving on the NNG Measurement Desk and to be successful I have to be able to compare SCADA with EFM for the last Gas Day for NNG.

 

I will need some help on how to get to the SCADA Vs EFM actuals.   I am not familiar with TMS.

Tks - Mike W.

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Ava, what does this mean?  Thanks. lynn
enrontest_update@concureworkplace.com on 06/13/2001 01:16:21 AM
Company Card transactions have arrived.

To add these transactions to an expense report, click on the following link for Company Card.
http://expensexms.enron.com

Ava, no problem.  Just remind me on Friday.  Thanks. Lynn

   

Sorry for the short notice Lynn, but I need to leave early Friday, June 15th around 11:30.  I need to go out of town, I will use 1/2day vacation.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Toby, please post the attached notice to the WEB under Critical Notices.

		 

TW team, please talk with your shippers to let them know the posting
is out on the WEB even though they are getting an email.

Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
Lynn Blair
06/13/2001 04:20 PM
Toby, please post the attached notice to the WEB under Critical Notices.

		 

TW team, please talk with your shippers to let them know the posting
is out on the WEB even though they are getting an email.

Thanks. Lynn

	Randy, what is the status of the OBA?  Thanks. Lynn

This is to update you on what we are doing to correct the problems we have been experiencing at this point.  Penny McCarran and I have been working together to find a way to eliminate the DDVC's that are being created at this point.  This is such a small volume point (500 dth/day or less at present) being used for irrigation only and the shipper has no way of avoiding DDVC's since there is no storage arrangements in the Bushton Universe for them to make Final AM trueups and correct their volumes.  

We have worked with Contracts to determine if this point should truely be considered a TBS or Citygate.  EFM was installed due to possible volumes of approximately 1,700 dth per day and it was concluded that makes it a TBS.  Our findings, however, show that it does not meet the TBS criteria, due to the fact there is no LDC involved at this point. We have changed the type from TBS to IC and have created an OBA contract (pending signatures) to eliminate future DDVC's and make this a feasible point to operate.  

If you have any questions, please contact Penny or myself.

Randy Janzen

Julia, it was so good to talk to you.  We do miss you around here.
When Steve gets back from vacation, we will email you and set
a lunch date.  

Below is Sheila's address to send her a card.  I know she would
appreciate your prayers and encouragement.

	Mrs. Sheila Nacey
	8630 Pine Falls Dr.
	Houston, TX  77095
	Phone - 281-550-4531

Take care and call anytime.  Thanks. Lynn
	

FYI.  Just to keep ya'll in the loop.  This fix should be ready for test on Monday
and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use.  This fix will be very beneficial
in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.  Terry and Gerry will work with the teams
to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.  If you have any questions while I
am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.   Thanks. Lynn

Per: Lynn Blair
Moving the storage allocation to before confirmations will be made only to the ID/2 cycle. 

Thanks: John Buchanan

FYI, with regards to item (3) below:
SBS will remain off after storage allocations are completed.  This will be a slight change for our customers.  Currently during the processes for example, the evening process, SBS is available during the Rollover, Allocation and Confirmation process, and turned off during the Storage Allocation process.  With this change SBS will only be available during the Rollover and Allocation process and remain off during the Storage Allocation and Confirmation process, if a storage allocation is necessary.  I am unsure how you would want to communicate this to your customers.  

Also, Jill will be working on these changes over the weekend, and have Joe confirm her change by Monday the 18th.  Changes should be available for production by Tuesday the 19th.

Jill,
Lynn and Steve January want to change the storage allocation from after confirmation to after regular allocations during all cycles except timely (for the timely cycle it storage allocations will be after confirmations).

I looked at the code and it seemed to be pretty self contained module.  But a few things to look out for:

1) Process for saving to the database
	- after allocations
	- after storage allocations
	- after confirmations
2) rollback of allocations to include storage
3) SBS - currently it turned off for the storage allocation process.  How does it get turned back on?  Business group has to make a decision on how whether SBS needs to turned on or off for the confirmation process

Please let maggie or gerry know the time estimate.

Thanx

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Larry, I want to know if you did not get the response you needed.  Thanks. Lynn

The NNG Doc System is now open and  ready for your updates on OBA imbalances.  Please input your updates before Tuesday, June 19th, 5pm.

The reason for the short timeframe is due to the WINDOWS 2000 upgrades on the nights of June 19 & 20 and the unavailability of the DOC system during this time.

Please see me if you have any questions.

Larry

terry, are these instructions on the Intranet where we have critical and no=
n critical
procedures?  If not, can we put them out there?  Thanks. Lynn

Terry Kowalke
06/14/2001 03:25 PM

=20

Shelley, just to keep you in the loop since I am out next wee.  This is the information we
sent to Regulatory (Mary Darveaux) as we finalize info on the Strangers Gas Settlement.
Tangie is working closely with Mary and will get her what she needs.  we are also
working with Dan Fancler and Debbie Mosley in Finanace.    If you have
any questions, please let Tangie or Raetta (who is working with Tangie on this) know.  Thanks. Lynn
Tangie Dykes
06/14/2001 12:53 PM
Mary, as you requested, on yesterday  I have added January 1998 thru May 1998 affidavit volumes.
I have also made adjustments to June and July 1998 volumes.  I didn't multiply the volumes by
the correct number of days for these two months.  If you have any questions or concerns please 
feel free to give me a call. 

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Ricki, I just wanted to follow up, I was told Cynthia and Linda neither
one had damage.  Cynthia's mother and sister had flooding and Linda was without
electricity for awhile.  If you are hearing something different, please
let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, below was the notice sent to employees that had flood damage.  While I was there, so was TK and she asked me if Linda Ward and Cynthia Rivers were included because she did not see them there.  I just wanted to make sure to pass this on to you.

Thank you,
Ricki

We know that many of you have been severely impacted by Tropical Storm Allison and the devastating flood. Enron cares about you and your family and would like to make sure that your immediate needs are being met. 

To assist you, Enron is providing employees and contractors who have had their houses damaged with $1000 in travelers checks. To receive the checks, please come by EB1625 after 12 noon tomorrow, June 13.   Please be patient as we may temporarily run out of checks depending on the demand.

Please know that the paycheck you will receive on June 30th will be grossed up to account for the taxes that will be taken out if you are an employee. Also please know that you will be asked to sign a certification of your situation in order to receive the funds.

We hope that this helps you and your family. Our thoughts are with you.

Please call Misha Siegel at x37682 should you have any questions.

Ava, are you going to be available for this meeting?  I would like to know
the outcome of the meeting in relation to any concerns on sending out
invoices.    Thanks. Lynn
Enron has recently implemented a contract with UPS to cover all of our overnight and shipping needs.  One of their major account directors would like to come and meet with us next Tuesday (since Monday's are so hectic) June 19th.  Please let me know what time would be convenient for you to watch a demo they would like to give us concerning their on-line services.  If, after reviewing the documents below, you feel like you would not require this overview, please advise.

Thank you,
Ricki
x35754

Ricki,
Attached is the information we talked about.
The UPS account number to all of Enron in Houston (downtown) is 726110.
If you have any questions, please call me at 281-847-6769 or 800-432-2877.
Thanks,
Verna Molandes
United Parcel Service
Major Account Associate

 <<Houston FAQ's1.doc>>  <<Internet Ship 31__.doc>>

 - Houston FAQ's1.doc 
 - Internet Ship 31__.doc 

FYI.  Just wanted to be sure everyone had a copy of this letter.  In relation
to this letter we had a posting go out on the WEB.  Please be sure everyone
on the team has read this notice.  Thanks. Lynn
The attached letter was faxed to Shelly Corman this morning. 

 <<TWCap0613.doc>> 

Pat Davidson

Gas Scheduling Manager

Southern California Gas Company

pdavidson@socalgas.com

 - TWCap0613.doc 

Terry, can you have the teams getting Ava email addresses on the list
this week if Dennis does not already have them in PLE.

Thanks. Lynn

TW is looking into having a couple of customer meetings, Management needs a list of schedulers for the customers that will be invited. There will probably be a West meeting and a meeting in Houston so they will be done geographically. I am providing the TW Christmas card list as a place to start, so add any new customers and make sure you include the Schedulers names.
I need this by Friday June 15th 4pm.

 

Thanks: John Buchanan

Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn
<iBuyit.Payables@Enron.com> on 06/12/2001 02:50:05 PM
Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com

Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

	John, have we met all of these "to do's"?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, to summarize and remind us of the to do's from the luncheon.

Scott liked having a daily training agenda.
Terry and I should do the Nomination and Scheduling presentation to new hires that was done for IT.
Jacob needs to be scheduled to spend time in Gas Control
Lynn is going to contact Dan Pribble about taking new hires to a compressor station.
Teams need to be comfortable in training new hires in all aspects wheatear they know how long new hires will be on their team.

Other than that Scott and Jacob seemed satisfied with their training and progress in Customer Service.

John Buchanan

Ava, have you taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn
<iBuyit.Payables@Enron.com> on 06/11/2001 09:00:06 AM
Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com

Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Brian, just wanted to follow up to be sure you had talked with
Toby Kuehl and he had answered all your questions.  If you have
all your answers, you do not need to respond to this note.  Have
a great day.  Thanks. Lynn

I found your name on the site, I'm guessing you might be the best person to
lob this question towards...

I'm looking at operational capacity on this site
http://www.tw.enron.com/twdb/etfr_avcap.html
And I can input the gas day, for today or tomorrow.  But when I get results
back it is ambiguous as to which cycle the gas is flowing in.  Are they all
for the timely cycle or are the evening and intraday cycles thrown in there
as well.  And if they are thrown in there, do I just have to know WHEN the
different cycles are posted and use that as my guide (IE if I'm looking at
results around 14:00 those would be for intraday1 cycle)????

Are you even the person I should ask?

Thanks,
Brian Robinhold
FT Energy
brobinhold@ftenergy.com
720-548-5722

I am fine with this schedule.  I am a little concerned about Lynda testing because
of Galen being out and the team shortage.  Should we have a back up to Lynda
if she cannot get away from the day to day so we do not loose any time on the
testing.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn and John
Just to let you know, I have spoke to both Kathy and Lynda regarding the upcoming testing. They have both agreed to assist when their schedules permited. I explained this to Ramona and she said that would be Ok at this point and time. They may require more assistance as this is a large project and needs to go into production on the 15th of July. Please let me know if you are OK with this. Thank you.

Terry Kowalke 

Lynn,

As you know, the IT team has been working on the small talk upgrade code changes over the past few months & it has been mved into model office this week for testing. This upgrade is a fairly large change for TMS and will require us to test all screens, functions. Icons, and process which includes approximately 100 screens/reports/processes for each of the pipes. Our deadline to complete this is 7/15/01. If possible, we would like to to ask for both Kathy Washington and Lynda Laferla to assist  us in the testing.  Please let me know if that would be possible.

Thanks Again for your help !
Ramona

FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  This is on the Bushton Measurement
arbitration.  Thanks. Lynn
Tangie Dykes
06/21/2001 01:32 PM
FYI
The panel has requested an additional week to come up with a decision in this case and all parties have agreed.  The decision is now expected to be handed down on Friday, June 29.  Again, I will let you know the outcome as soon as we receive word.

FYI.  to keep you in the loop.  Thanks. Lynn
Alma, 
Would please set up moves for Cynthia Rivers, Karren Clapper, and  Laura Giambrone.
Move Cynthia from EB 4135 G    to    EB 4120 B
Move Karen   from EB 4120 B     to    EB 4110 M
Move Laura   from EB 4110 R     to    EB 4135 G

Ava, where are we on training?  Are we OK for end of month billing?  THanks. Lynn
Ava & Alma, since I don't know what day's I will be in the office, I have decided to let the two of you set the date on the UPS on-line training.

There is a catch,,,,,,,,, if I miss the overview, you will have to train me....

Ava, would you please reply to Lewis and Verna and let them know what is convenient for you, since you have Reservation Invoices going out next week.

Thank you,
Ricki

Ricki,
Attached is the information we talked about.
The UPS account number to all of Enron in Houston (downtown) is 726110.
If you have any questions, please call me at 281-847-6769 or 800-432-2877.
Thanks,
Verna Molandes
United Parcel Service
Major Account Associate

 <<Houston FAQ's1.doc>>  <<Internet Ship 31__.doc>>

 - Houston FAQ's1.doc 
 - Internet Ship 31__.doc 

Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn
The Room has changed to EB 4194

The Monthly Accounting meeting will be held on:

Friday, June 22
1:30-3:00
EB 4102

Larry

Sharon, I am doing very well but cannot come back to work until
Tuesday.  They will remove all the drain tubes Monday.  
Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  I'll see you on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn

Just wanted to check in with you.  Hopefully by today you're feeling pretty good.  Be glad when you get back.  You know I'm stuck here with kids, what a way to start off the morning.  Just rolling along with my new Windows 2000/Outlook, takes some getting used to but we always adapt.  Get some rest and get back here!
slb

Toby, Terry and I talked about this and I will address it again in next weeks
team leader meeting.  Sorry for any inconvenience.  The teams should be
aware of the procedure.  Thanks. Lynn

I no longer post these!! Can you please let the reps know? AGAIN!  I even continue to get calls on this on the weekends also.  I am sending this to you becaue I don't want for one of these to come to me via e-mail and they expect it to go out.  Jean Blair did call me on this and I told her to call John.  I hope you were notified of the extension!!

Northern Natural Gas has extended the nomination deadline for the Timely Cycle for gas day 6/19/01:   The on-line deadline is 12:05 p.m. and EDI deadline is 12:20 p.m.  For further updates, please contact your Market Services Representative.

Randy, what did this mean to shippers nominating on NNG's pipe?  Do they
have to change their location or POI number for nomination purposes?  If so,
how did we communicate to the shippers.  How does this effect OBA's?
Thanks for the update.  Lynn

   

Just an FYI about the sell of assets to Western Gas Resources.  With the exception of clearing up a few loose ends involving some accounting issues the sell of the Gomez Plant and related gathering system, the Mitchell CO2 plant and related gathering system, and the pipe between Mitchell Plant and Gomez is complete effective June 1st.

Randy

	Dale, how are we coming on this project in relation to the info Esther sent you?
	Do you need anything else from Esther?  Thanks. Lynn

 << File: temp1.XLS >> 
The attached file shows scheduled volumes delivered to the following zone points for the gas day 7/17/2001.  The attached file contains 11 worksheets
MidAm ABC
Iowa Electric D
Minnegasco EF
UCU ABC
UCU D
UCU EF
WISC GAS D
WISC GAS EF
NSP MN EF
NSP WISC EF
Interstate Pwr D

I searched a master point list by name but was unable to find poi numbers for zones:  Alliant D or EF, NWPS ABC, MUD ABC, and MidAm D.
Let me know if you have the point numbers for these and I'll query them as well.
Hope this is what you are looking for!
Thanks.
Esther

Ava, can you sign me up for the Tuesday, June 26?  If I am not
available, could you spend some time with me and train me after
my conversion next week?  Thanks. Lynn

Ava Garcia
06/22/2001 02:49 PM
FYI:  If you would like to take an Outlook 2000 training course there will =
be a training session on Tuesday, June 26 1:00p.m.-2;00p.m.  Next training =
session will be Tuesday, July 10th 1:00p.m.-2:00p.m.  If you are interested=
 please call Magdelena at ext: 31816 or send an email to magdelena.cruz@enr=
on.com

Second option is to learn on your own with the help of an Outlook 2000 book=
let which will include pamphlets, in this case send me an email and I will =
place an order.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Ava, thanks for the update.  Please let me know how the session goes.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava Garcia
06/22/2001 01:29 PM
Just wanted to let you know where everything over UPS labels stands.  I should be okay for Friday.

Ava-35842
Ava,
A conference room will not be necessary. You will only need a computer
w/Internet access. 
Anthony Burgs (UPS), Mike Boyd (UPS) and Glenn Lewis (Enron) will be there
to walk you through the transition.  Mike will transfer all your files for
you and set up w/the UPS software (WorldShip). Let me know if you have any
questions. 
Thanks,
Verna 

Would like to have UPS orientation on Monday, June 25th at 2pm.  Please
let me know if I will need to schedule a conference room.  
For Fed-Ex I have a software installed to print out my monthly labels do
you have a UPS software  where I could do the same and is it possible to
transfer all my information from Fed-Ex to UPS?  

Thanks,
Ava-35842

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn
The panel has requested an additional week to come up with a decision in this case and all parties have agreed.  The decision is now expected to be handed down on Friday, June 29.  Again, I will let you know the outcome as soon as we receive word.

FYI.  I am sure you are already up to speed.  Glad your back.  See ya
on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn
The panel has requested an additional week to come up with a decision in this case and all parties have agreed.  The decision is now expected to be handed down on Friday, June 29.  Again, I will let you know the outcome as soon as we receive word.

Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are
all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn
I assumed Kaztex were nominating on the timely, but after our storage discussions at today's Morning Meeting, I need to check.  I will instruct them to do so.  This should then clear up their accounts. 

Thanks!

Chris,

The tariff prohibits us from makeing transfers between storage points, not any NNG policies.   Are they making the nomination from Mid 17 to Demarc Storage on the timely process?  If they are, they should have been able to get injections, as we have not been allocating the timely process the last few days.

Sue

Earlier this month, Marketing entered into a negotiated rate deal with Kaztex for one day transport from Demarc to Eagle.  It was Kaztex's intention to withdraw the gas they had in their IDD/Park & Ride account to bring their balance down to zero.  The negotiated rate deal required extensive review and the customer was tendered the contract at 11:52 AM.  Market Services held open the window to accomodate their late nomination.

Herein lies the problem, the Kaztex scheduler withdrew the Park & Ride from the Demarc Storage Point because Demarc was their Primary Receipt Point on the transportat contract.   Instead, they should have withdrew from their Ogden and Mid 17 Storage balances.  To date, they have tried to nominate a transport from the Mid 17 and Ogden points to Demarc Storage but the Storage Nominations continue to be allocated.

I understand it is not Northern's policy to transfer storage between two points without a transportation transaction, however, I would request for this specific case Northern would administer a transfer thus preventing any possible MIC charges at the end of the month.  I estimate the transport revenue being waived to be approx. $44 (2345 MMBtu from Mid 17 Storage * $0.019 plus 720 MMBtu from Ogden at $0 cost).  The negotiated rate deal easily made up this amount.

If you agree with allowing the transfer of the storage balances, please let me know and I will alert the appropriate scheduler and Kaztex.

Thank you for your consideration.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

Joe, are you and Gary up to speed on this ElPaso outage on the 26th?  Any
concerns on our side?  Thanks. Lynn
Transportation Notes=20
Saying linepack had stabilized, El Paso canceled an Unauthorized Overpull P=
enalty alert Wednesday, one day after it had gone into effect. The pipeline=
 also said it will take Line 1100 between the Eunice and Pecos River statio=
ns down for repairs June 26. Six interconnects will be unable to deliver in=
to El Paso that day, and the total flow of gas through Eunice Station to th=
e South Mainline will be limited to 245 MMcf/d. Plants upstream of Eunice a=
nd in the Monument area will compete for space with San Juan and Anadarko g=
as moving south from Plains Station.=20
NOVA said it must reduce target linepack due to increasing soil and ambient=
 temperatures and to maintenance outages. It is seeking index-based uncondi=
tional tenders through Tuesday for the firm sale of about 200,000 gigajoule=
s. Tenders may be submitted for all or some of the reduction, which will be=
 accomplished through inventory transfers. The gas must be taken in more or=
 less even increments over a period of up to five days starting on or about=
 June 28, 2001. Call Darryn Rouillard at (403) 920-6341 for more informatio=
n.=20
ANR plans to begin maintenance Monday at its Havensville Compressor Station=
 that will run through Oct. 15 and reduce Southwest Mainline capacity by ab=
out 125 MMcf/d. However, based on current flow levels the impact of the wor=
k should be minimal, ANR said.=20
Due to unexpected difficulties in operating the Bisti Station's #8 unit whi=
le the C-1 turbine at the Chaco Plant in northwestern New Mexico is out of =
service, flow from all wells in the GBISTI gathering system should remain s=
hut in until turbine maintenance is complete, El Paso Field Services said. =
The C-1 turbine is expected to return to service June 29. Operators must co=
ntact Troy Chamberlain at (505) 564-4015, Corina Veloz at (505) 599-2357 or=
 the Control Center at (505) 599-2334 before turning wells back on.=20
El Paso said Wednesday evening its Guadalupe Station turbine and the #3 tur=
bine at Pecos River Station #3 turbine had tripped offline unexpectedly. Th=
e Guadalupe unit was returned to service quickly that evening, but attempts=
 to restart the Pecos River unit have been unsuccessful. Capacity through P=
ecos River is limited to 840 MMcf/d until further notice.=20
NGPL reported discovery of a gas quality problem at the Transok-Bryan recei=
pt point in Bryan County, OK. NGPL is working with Transok to resolve the p=
roblem but said if it continues, NGPL may need to cut scheduled volumes at =
the point.=20

Kelly, this would not send to the "Outlook Migration team".  So I am
sending it to you Ava.  Ava, Please get with Kelly and find out how we
send it to the team.  Thanks. Lynn

Current Notes User:=20

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook,=
 it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o=
f migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin=
g survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finis=
h click "Close" select "Save Changes Only" click "O.K" then re-open the e-m=
ail and click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your surv=
ey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:        Grace Lynn Blair=09

Login ID:  =09lblair

Extension:  37637

Office Location:  EB4105

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Both

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilo=
t, Jornada)  =09NONE

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who?  View Only, Sheila Nacey, Rick Dietz, Steven January, Donn=
a Scott
=09
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who?  Update - Ava Garcia, Ricki winters, Alma Carrillo,
=09View Only, Sheila Nacey, Rick Dietz, Steven January, Donna Scott

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  No
    If yes, who? =20

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? =20
    If yes, who?  Ava Garcia

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  No
    If yes, which shared calendar? =20

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for m=
ass mailings)?  No
    If yes, please list here: =20

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will =
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? =
No
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20

Rick, if you have some time on Tuesday, I would like to visit with you
about this.  I don't want this move to be any more negative than what
it is.  I have a possible game plan I would like to talk with you about
and then maybe you and I need to take Larry and Raetta to lunch
give them a chance to talk and then let them know our next steps.
Glad you are back.  Lynn

I agree with Larry. I'm not sure if we can do anything about it, but I agree with him.

Rick
Here is the email I sent Lynn regarding having Raetta and I on a different floor than the NNG MS Reps.   Again, I am very AGAINST having Raetta and I seperated from the NNG MS reps on a different floor. It will create confusion and be a disruption to our jobs.

See me if you have any questions.

Larry

Lynn,

I wanted to express my concerns of having Raetta and I located on another floor, away from the NNG teams.  Raetta and I deal with the MS Reps daily on the following items:

*Approving all Journal Vouchers and Wire transfer requests
*Questions from all NNG reps concerning rates on invoices, volume allocations, imbalances, accounts receivables, etc.
*Sitting in on conference calls with the reps and customers (or marketers) concerning invoices, imbalances, accounts receivable, etc
*Meeting with you every morning and through the day on various customer issues and questions

During the Reservation close cycle (approximately 6 work days), Raetta and I need to be on the same floor with the reps for:

*Reviewing the preliminary invoices (before passing to reps) for unusual high or low dollar amounts
*Assigning new contracts or new customers to reps
*Answering questions from reps about the invoices or rates
*Reviewing TAS error reports for unbilled invoices or processing errors, and correcting them
*Reviewing the Flash report and attending the Flash meeting
*Distribution of the South Region Flash report (Craig Buehler's report) and reviewing it

During the Commodity PPA close cycle (approximately 5 work days), we would need to be on same floor with the reps for:

*Reviewing the preliminary transportation, penalty and imbalances invoices (before passing to reps) for unusual high or low dollar amounts
*Answering questions from reps about the invoices or rates
*Reviewing TAS and GVA error reports for unbilled invoices or processing errors, and correcting them

During the current month Commodity close cycle (approximately 4 work days), we would need to be on the same floor with the reps for:

Reviewing the preliminary invoices (before passing to reps) for unusual high or low dollar amounts
*Assigning new contracts or new customers to reps
*Answering questions from reps about the invoices or rates
*Reviewing TAS error reports for unbilled invoices or processing errors, and correcting them
*Reviewing the Flash report and attending the Flash meeting

The total number of days I have just listed are 15 work days. The maximum number of work days a month totals at 22.  Therefore, approximately 3 weeks out of the month, Raetta and I would have to be on the floor daily.  In this totals, I am NOT including the 3 work days it takes me to meet with reps on NNG OBA imbalances to gather and analyze information for the Customer Accounts meeting.

As you can see, it is very important for Raetta and myself to remain on the floor with the MS reps.  See me if you need further details.

Larry

It was good to get your note.  To answer your question, I had my last (hopefully)
surgery last Monday, June 18th.  Everything went well.  I should be back to
work on Tuesday, June 26th.  I was surprised I did not get postponed with the
flooding down in the Medical Center.  I stayed over one night and I was sure
ready to go home the next day.  I really felt for those nurses.  The hospital
(Diagnostic Hospital) was full to capacity since they were helping out the
Medthodist and Herman hospitals.  

Hope all your belongings in storage were OK.  I am so glad ya'll did not have
more damage than you did.  I talked to Ricki yesterday and she has people
starting to come in and redo the walls in her house this week.

I am so glad you told me about Steve Klimesh's mom.  I had not heard about that.
Do you by chance have his address.  I would like to send him a card.  I had lunch
with him right before he left and he was really looking forward to spending time with
his Mom.  

Speaking of parents, how are yours?  Hope they are both doing well.

As soon as Steve gets back we will email you and definitely go to lunch.

Take care of each other.  We sure miss you both.  Lynn

FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.   John, will you verify with Charlie that Rick Kile
and Ronnie have the lead on this and that he is not waiting on us for anything.  Thanks. Lynn
FYI
Delaine,

The Operating Agreement between Northern and KN (now Oneok) entitles Oneok to all condensate and drip liquids removed from any of the Northern pipelines, equipment or facilities upstream of Oneok's Bushton Plant.  That agreement also provides that Oneok will be responsible for picking-up, hauling and providing a detailed accounting of such liquids removed.  In addition Oneok is to pay Northern for the shrinkage attributable to such condensate and drip.  Northern invoices Oneok monthly for a cash reimbursement of the mmbtu's attributable to the condensate removed.

Effective April 2000, Oneok began short paying its invoices.  The table below summarizes the amount shorted through April 2001 as $67, 889.36.  This short payment reflects Oneok's refusal to reimburse Northern for removal of condensate attributable to the Mount Jesus Drip, lease # 71176.  Oneok has indicated to Northern that Oneok's contract hauler contends the liquid removed from Northern's system at this point is water.  In spite of evidence provided by Northern to the contrary, Oneok accepts its contractor's contention, apparently pays a disposal fee, and refuses to reimburse Northern for the mmbtu's lost.  

This location produced condensate prior to the March 31, 1997 agreement and no change to Northern's pipeline operations that would impact condensation dropout has occurred.  Oneok was properly reimbursing Northern prior to April 2000.  In addition, the attached analysis of liquid removed from the location on September 20, 2000, demonstrates that hydrocarbon condensate continues to be collected at the drip.  Northern must insist that compensation for these BTU's removed from Northern's System be made by Oneok.  Your immediate attention to this matter is appreciated.

Thanks

Charlie
(402) 398-7061

Northern Natural Gas Company											
Shortpay Analysis											
Mt. Jesus Drip											
											
						(BBLS * 42)		(GAL * .116)			
Date		Rate		BBLS		Gallons		Mmbtu		Amount	
Apr-01		 $ 4.9474 		345.00 		   14,490.00 		    1,680.84 		 $  8,315.80 	
Mar-01		 $ 4.9851 		180.00 		     7,560.00 		      876.96 		 $  4,371.76 	
Feb-01		 $ 5.5555 		200.00 		     8,400.00 		      974.40 		 $  5,412.96 	
Jan-01		 $ 8.0133 		180.00 		     7,560.00 		      876.96 		 $  7,027.33 	
Dec-00		 $ 8.7182 		240.00 		   10,080.00 		    1,169.28 		 $10,194.02 	
Nov-00		 $ 5.2090 		205.00 		     8,610.00 		      998.76 		 $  5,202.54 	
Oct-00		 $ 4.8727 		140.00 		     5,880.00 		      682.08 		 $  3,323.57 	
Sep-00		 $ 4.8503 		240.00 		   10,080.00 		    1,169.28 		 $  5,671.36 	
Aug-00		 $ 4.2166 		140.00 		     5,880.00 		      682.08 		 $  2,876.06 	
Jul-00		 $ 3.8249 		140.00 		     5,880.00 		      682.08 		 $  2,608.89 	
Jun-00		 $ 4.0792 		380.00 		   15,960.00 		    1,851.36 		 $  7,552.07 	
May-00		 $ 3.2884 		160.00 		     6,720.00 		      779.52 		 $  2,563.37 	
Apr-00		 $ 2.8424 		200.00 		     8,400.00 		      974.40 		 $  2,769.63 	
											
				2,750.00 		 115,500.00 		13,398.00 		 $67,889.36 	

 

	
	I just reviewed a vacation report that covers vacation up through 8/15/01.

	There are still a lot of people with a large amount of vacation.  I made an assumption
	everyone is carrying over 40 hours (which is the max) to 2002.  There was still a lot
	of vacation to be taken.

	I would like to meet with a member from each team Friday, September 14, at 2:00
	to review your teams schedule for the rest of the year.  We can meet in my office.

	Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

fyi regarding Terra Nitrogen's A/R issue.  Hopefully this will be resolved soon.

Alice Johnson
06/18/2001 09:31 AM
This may be old news by now, but I want to make sure you see this email.
Following up on the Terra accounts receivable discussed at the last customer accounts status meeting, Frank Semin has indicated that he and Dave Neubauer have both been in contact with Terra and are working to resolve.  Frank is currently drafting a letter to Terra addressing the receivable and proposed resolution.

Frank,  Please keep me posted on any progress.

Thanks, Dana

Dana L. Jones
NNG Commercial Support
713-853-5787

Ava and John, please let me know if we are not going to have this
info by Tuesday.  THanks. Lynn
Lynn Blair
06/17/2001 05:33 PM
Terry, can you have the teams getting Ava email addresses on the list
this week if Dennis does not already have them in PLE.

Thanks. Lynn

TW is looking into having a couple of customer meetings, Management needs a list of schedulers for the customers that will be invited. There will probably be a West meeting and a meeting in Houston so they will be done geographically. I am providing the TW Christmas card list as a place to start, so add any new customers and make sure you include the Schedulers names.
I need this by Friday June 15th 4pm.

 

Thanks: John Buchanan

An update on our change for the Storage Allocation.  Several questions
have come up over the weekend.  The weekend crew is documenting the
questions.  I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message
to research the questions and concerns on Monday.  Then we will group with
storage and determine what changes need to be made.

One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to
be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage.  ie, if we are
allocating injections, then withdrawals should still use SBS.  If we are allocating
withdrawals, then injections should still have access to SBS.  Mike Bodnar will
pursue this enhancement further.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn Blair
06/17/2001 04:56 PM
FYI.  Just to keep ya'll in the loop.  This fix should be ready for test on Monday
and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use.  This fix will be very beneficial
in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.  Terry and Gerry will work with the teams
to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.  If you have any questions while I
am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.   Thanks. Lynn

Per: Lynn Blair
Moving the storage allocation to before confirmations will be made only to the ID/2 cycle. 

Thanks: John Buchanan

FYI, with regards to item (3) below:
SBS will remain off after storage allocations are completed.  This will be a slight change for our customers.  Currently during the processes for example, the evening process, SBS is available during the Rollover, Allocation and Confirmation process, and turned off during the Storage Allocation process.  With this change SBS will only be available during the Rollover and Allocation process and remain off during the Storage Allocation and Confirmation process, if a storage allocation is necessary.  I am unsure how you would want to communicate this to your customers.  

Also, Jill will be working on these changes over the weekend, and have Joe confirm her change by Monday the 18th.  Changes should be available for production by Tuesday the 19th.

Jill,
Lynn and Steve January want to change the storage allocation from after confirmation to after regular allocations during all cycles except timely (for the timely cycle it storage allocations will be after confirmations).

I looked at the code and it seemed to be pretty self contained module.  But a few things to look out for:

1) Process for saving to the database
	- after allocations
	- after storage allocations
	- after confirmations
2) rollback of allocations to include storage
3) SBS - currently it turned off for the storage allocation process.  How does it get turned back on?  Business group has to make a decision on how whether SBS needs to turned on or off for the confirmation process

Please let maggie or gerry know the time estimate.

Thanx

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Mike, since Terry is out this week, can you take the lead to find out
status of this report as you are checking to consistency with this report
and the automation of the storage report.  Let's discuss on Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn
Here are the stored procedures with their parameters in parenthesis.  Most of them are single selects and could be incorporated into SQL in the Excel add-in if desired.  I thought stored procedures would make it easier to separate support for the add-in from support for the code.  The stored procedures are all on the server ETSADHOC, database adhoctest, under my id (dpowell).  I think we want to get the DBA's to move these into a production environment so they are protected (ie: dbo in the etsadhoc database)?

 1. NNG Storage FDD/IDD, SBA, & Swing
	FDD:	ETSMorningReportFDD (date)
	IDD:	ETSMorningReportIDD (date)
	SBA:	ETSMorningReportSBA (date)
	Swing:	above (+/-)
		ETSMorningReportSales (date)
		ETSMorningReportPurchases (date)

 2. NNG Point Specific Operational Capacity
	ETSMorningReportOperCapacity (date, poi, role)

 3. NNG Point Specific Current Month Imbalance
	ETSMorningReportSchdImbalance (date, poi)

 4. NNG Point Specific Imbalance Prior to Current Month
	No yet available

Richard, what is the status of this issue?  Thanks. Lynn
Richard Hanagriff
06/07/2001 11:36 AM
Attached are the volumes and related values(San Juan index) for the La Plata "A" Fuel from September 1996 through April 2001.   We need to meet to discuss the issues related to this potential liability of $367k(total volume * SJ index * .05) and subsequent liability.

 

I am in the Transaction Tax Section.  I talked to Rich Jolly.  He said you might have the volume, BTU and value of gas that was consumed in our Colorado compressor 
station(s) since the acquisition of the La Plata facility.  Can you call me at Ext. 35734 so we can discuss the details of this request?

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Amy Mulligan
04/30/2001 10:52 AM
I have attached a spreadsheet that Elizabeth put together for us for our February invoicing so you can get an idea of the categories and the number of invoices.

These are the 7 categories Elizabeth checks, and how they can be redistributed:

Void Invoices: There are only two of these invoices each month, MSR's can check these, but Marketing will have to communicate when there are additional Invoices that need to be voided.
Delete Line Items: This can also be checked by MSR's but new contracts with these exceptions need to be explained by Marketing to the corresponding MSR for that customer
Volume Adjust: These are also only for exceptional contracts, MSR's can check these exceptions, but Marketing will have to explain exceptions on New Contracts to the corresponding MSR for that customer.
Make-up Volume: MSR's
Adjust Reservation Invoices for change in Credit for Commodity due to make-up: MSR's
Adjust Rate: Marketing
Regenerate Invoice: MSR's

 

We will start checking these for May Accounting,
The TW Team

Ava, let's go ahead with this day and time.  I will cover for John.  Thanks. Lynn

Ava Garcia
06/25/2001 11:16 AM
Lynn, Terry K. will be on vacation that day and John B. has a conflicting mtg. should I reschedule?  However, Shelley C., Mike B., Gary S., Darrell S., Scott A. 

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Post Mortem mtg. on Tropical Storm Allison is scheduled for Wednesday, June 27th at 11:00a.m.-12noon in conference room EB4102.

Please let me know if you will be able to attend.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

Mary, we would love to have you come.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I talked with John Buchanan and understand you will be attending Wednesday's meeting following up on Tropical Storm Allison and DRA activities.  I would like to attend this meeting and just wanted to let you know.

Thanks,
Mary

Randy, thanks for your prompt reply.  Lynn

   

The shippers behind Gomez have been going to WGR since Jan. 1, 2001 and the shippers at Mitchell CO2 have been aware of the pending sell of NNG assets to WGR since at least Jan. 1, 2001.  All of this gas is going to WGR and none of it returns to NNG.  So this was communicated last year when all this was being planned.

The OBA was not affected with this sell.  The OBA with WGR is one OBA that totalled all points.  They owe us 107,000 dth at the end of last month and we owe them 36,000 dth for fuel usage on the #5 unit at Gomez for the first five months of the year.  All that will be left on WGR's OBA will be Benedum and Midkiff.  Dan Ball and I are working together and hope to have the OBA near zero by the end of July.

I hope this answers your questions, if not let me know.

Randy

<Embedded StdOleLink>

Galen's home address is as follows.  Several people had asked for it to
send cards.  I am sure he would appreicate the thoughts and prayers.

Home Address
10622 Endicott Lane
Houston, TX  77318

Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, FYI. I thought I would pass this on to you.  This was the gentlemen from Italy that 
	we spent time with a couple of weeks ago.  Thanks. Lynn

Dear Lynn,
let me express my deep sorrow for the tragedy that occurred to your Country.
With the wish that those who are responsible for the cowardly attacks be soon discovered and punished. At stake is Liberty, for all of us.
God Bless America
Mauro Formaggio

Please let me know if you have received this test message.

Thanks,
Ava

This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.

You have been given the following permissions on my folders:
	Calendar:   	Reviewer (can read items)
	Tasks:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Inbox:      	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Contacts:   	Editor (can read, create, and modify items)
	Notes:      	None
	Journal:    	None

To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this.

Lynn,

Following our discussion yesterday afternoon, Reyna and I came back and reviewed the NSP powerpac agreement.  We were specifically looking for language in this agreement which may require us to true up for the customer regardless of whether or not we were allocating storage on a given gas day.  We couldn't put our finger on any language in the current agreement (dated April 1, 2001) that requires us to true up for them, but perhaps we overlooked or misinterpreted something.  We would appreciate guidance from you or Bob using your interpretation of the agreement with regard to the following issues:
According to the current agreement, what are our obligations to true up for the shipper  a) if we have allocated storage for a given gas day? and b) if the shipper fails to enter a nom for a given gas day?  Also, by what time is the true up required to be made? 

We would also like to clarify these same sort of issues for the Great River Energy powerpac, just to be certain that we are all in agreement as to how they are handled.  I'm anticipating that we may have future deals of this nature, so anything we can do to alleviate confusion in future agreements would be beneficial.

Thanks for your help!

Kay

	I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for 
	Friday, July 13th.

	Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one
	one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

Jean, Ava, has us covered.  Thanks. Lynn

Estalee, for the month of July Jean Blair, Des Moines/Omaha, will receive deferential pay.

Thanks,
Ava

Christine and Janet, you two can have the tickets.  you need to discuss which night each of you
want and let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for 
	Friday, July 13th.

	Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one
	one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

Terry, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

No, you are correct. In my haste to get something out to everyone I misstated the concensus of the group. Storage allocations will be the final process in the Timely cycle only.
Thanks for clarifying the point.

We understood that the allocation would be the final process only for the Timely cycle.  
Did we misunderstand?

Thanks.
Reyna

To summarize the outcome of the meeting this morning....
In the short term:
Storage allocations will continue to be the final process performed during the Timely and Evening cycles
Storage allocations will be before the Confirmation process for the Non-Grid, IntraDay1 and IntraDay 2 cycles / SBS will not be available during the Confirmation process for these cycles 
The changes will be made effective for the gad day of July 6th

For the longer term
Continue the above 
Make modifications to the storage allocatons program to allow SBS availability for storage activity which is the opposite to the activity being allocated (i.e., SBS storage withdrawals when storage injections are being allocated)

Renee and Raetta, are you guys comfortable with this info?  Is there any thing else
we need from the field on Marketing?  Thanks. Lynn

Effective Gas Day July 1, 2001, the Richland Center Master Meter will be put in-service and downsteam TBS' (identified below) will be measured at this new meter.

In a conversation with Lenny Klaas (Platteville Team), it was agreed the volumes associated with the amount of gas in the pipe between the master meter and all the town border stations downstream will be calculated at 9:00 A.M. on July 1, 2001.  Lenny will also contact Gas Control in Houston.

Once identified, I will provide these volumes to Market Services to be billed manually to Wisconsin Gas.  I have phoned and provided John Couillard of Wisconsin Gas a written explanation as to what to expect from measurement and billing. 

MASTER METER				DOWNSTREAM TBS'

Richland Center Master Meter - POI 78170	Avoca (Muscado) TBS #1 - POI 57848
						Boscobel #1 - POI 3965
						Fennimore #1 - POI 3985
						Lancaster #1 - POI 3990
						Mount Hope #1 - POI 61875
						Muscoda #1 - POI 3998
						Richland Center #1 - POI 4007

Please contact me immediately if you have any questions or concerns.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

FYI.  Thought you might be interested in seeing this.  Hope all is well.  Thanks. Lynn

  [Dietz, Rick]  

FYI - You will see some familiar names in the Sally Beck organizational announcement that follows... 

Sally Beck- (Managing Director Energy Operations)@ENRON
06/26/2001 05:00 PM
 

Sent by:	Enron Announcements@ENRON
I am pleased to announce the following changes in the Global Risk Management Operations organization: 

Bob Hall will lead operations for Enron Americas. Bob previously served as one of the business controllers for gas operations for Enron Americas, with direct responsibility for Gas Logistics and Volume Management.  The leadership team reporting to Bob will include Peggy Hedstrom (Calgary Operations), Jeff Gossett ( U.S. Gas Risk and South America Operations), Stacey White (U.S. Power Risk), Leslie Reeves (U.S. Gas and Power Confirmations and Settlements), and Bob Superty (U.S. Gas Logistics). 

Brent Price will continue to lead Operations for Enron Global Markets and fulfill his dual role as Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Global Markets. 

I am very pleased to announce that Kevin Sweeney will lead Operations for Enron Industrial Markets.  Kevin brings to his new role extensive risk and operations experience from stints in our Houston, London and Singapore offices.  Kevin fills the role that was previously held by Brenda Herod, who will now report directly to Beth Apollo. 

Beth Apollo will be the Operations Project Manager for the assimilation of EES Wholesale. This will include Deal Capture, Risk Analysis,  Confirmations, and Global Data functions which have been moved into EWS under Global Risk Management Operations.  Successfully leveraging the infrastructure to support the EES business plan will also require close coordination with Gas Logistics, Settlements and the Operational Analysis (OA) process, and Beth will actively coordinate operations efforts with these teams and the commercial teams.  I have asked Beth to project manage the effort to look for opportunities to streamline and improve systems, processes and controls, and to consider alignment, where it makes sense, with existing EWS processes.  Reporting to Beth will be Scott Mills, with a focus on Deal Capture, Risk Analysis and Confirmations, and  Brenda Herod, with a focus on invoicing control guidelines and reporting requirements. 

Beth will also continue to manage the Global Services function, which includes the consolidated DPR process and Global Operations Standards, led by Shona Wilson, and the Global Data function which is lead by James Scribner.

Mike Jordan will continue to lead operations for Enron Europe, working closely with me and other EWS operations leads to insure the proliferation of best operational practices worldwide for Enron.   

Thanks for your continued support especially in exploring and seizing commercial opportunities to strengthen our contributions to Enron.

<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>

FYI.  Gary did a good job of addressing some issues for us.  Thanks. Lynn

Keith here are some of the points I observed that were off rate for July 1st. gas day.

                                           Order          24 avg flow
GPM Linam Ranch       55.8                  82.3           +26.5
Shell Tippett                   43.8                  47.0                3.2
Plymouth                          17.0                  29.4              12.4
CRA Mertzon                   38.2                 47.7                 9.5
                                                                        TOTAL      +51.6        

Mitchell had a 46.5 schedule to us but average 19.8 due to not noticing that they had a schedule to us until 5:00 PM.  that after noon. As you know one of your responsibilities is to monitor ALL  points and make calls to stations that are not on rate and notify scheduling so they can make their calls. Cunningham was on Peak Alert all weekend and we were calling for MAX Injection, Redfield was suppose to be on 50,000 inj. for the weekend but was brought up to 200,000 inj. due to too much gas on the system.  My observation is that if calls would have been made on these points that are long to us it would have helped our situation. I would suggest that you pay close attention all orders for every cycle so that you do not miss a change and to continually review flows vs. orders through out the day.

Gary

	
	Donna, please move the following people:

		Terry Kowalke - September 20
	
		John Buchanan - September 21

		Lynn Blair - September 24

	Thanks. Lynn

Sharon, Gina is taking care of this since Shelley is out of town.  We are very sorry we
missed his name.  I am glad he said something.  Shelley, Richard is one of the NNG/TW
Gas Controllers and was here all weekend of the flood. Thanks. Lynn

Can you help me on this?  I was unaware that they got gift certificates.  Let me know what I need to do to get Richard taken care of.
slb
	Hi Sharon, not to complain..... but I worked the entire weekend in Gas Control during the flood. 

Didn't receive gift certificate the same as the others did.

									thanks, Richard 

Mike, is this taken care of ?  Thanks. Lynn

Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are
all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn
I assumed Kaztex were nominating on the timely, but after our storage discussions at today's Morning Meeting, I need to check.  I will instruct them to do so.  This should then clear up their accounts. 

Thanks!

Chris,

The tariff prohibits us from makeing transfers between storage points, not any NNG policies.   Are they making the nomination from Mid 17 to Demarc Storage on the timely process?  If they are, they should have been able to get injections, as we have not been allocating the timely process the last few days.

Sue

Earlier this month, Marketing entered into a negotiated rate deal with Kaztex for one day transport from Demarc to Eagle.  It was Kaztex's intention to withdraw the gas they had in their IDD/Park & Ride account to bring their balance down to zero.  The negotiated rate deal required extensive review and the customer was tendered the contract at 11:52 AM.  Market Services held open the window to accomodate their late nomination.

Herein lies the problem, the Kaztex scheduler withdrew the Park & Ride from the Demarc Storage Point because Demarc was their Primary Receipt Point on the transportat contract.   Instead, they should have withdrew from their Ogden and Mid 17 Storage balances.  To date, they have tried to nominate a transport from the Mid 17 and Ogden points to Demarc Storage but the Storage Nominations continue to be allocated.

I understand it is not Northern's policy to transfer storage between two points without a transportation transaction, however, I would request for this specific case Northern would administer a transfer thus preventing any possible MIC charges at the end of the month.  I estimate the transport revenue being waived to be approx. $44 (2345 MMBtu from Mid 17 Storage * $0.019 plus 720 MMBtu from Ogden at $0 cost).  The negotiated rate deal easily made up this amount.

If you agree with allowing the transfer of the storage balances, please let me know and I will alert the appropriate scheduler and Kaztex.

Thank you for your consideration.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

Janet and Christine, I need:

	Which date each of you want:
	Who you are taking (name)
	Company Name they are representing

Thanks. Lynn

	I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for 
	Friday, July 13th.

	Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one
	one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	
	Just a reminder to let everyone know Ava is out of the office on vacation this week.

	She will be returning on Monday, July 9th.  If you need administrative assistance,
	please call Sharon Brown.  

	Thanks. Lynn

Mike, sorry, I probably deleted not realizing it (I was adjusting to Outlook)  Would you mind
resending it.  Thanks. Lynn

Yes, I sent you a follow-up note last Friday....Let me know if you did not recieve it. 

Mike, is this taken care of ?  Thanks. Lynn

Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are
all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn
I assumed Kaztex were nominating on the timely, but after our storage discussions at today's Morning Meeting, I need to check.  I will instruct them to do so.  This should then clear up their accounts. 

Thanks!

Chris,

The tariff prohibits us from makeing transfers between storage points, not any NNG policies.   Are they making the nomination from Mid 17 to Demarc Storage on the timely process?  If they are, they should have been able to get injections, as we have not been allocating the timely process the last few days.

Sue

Earlier this month, Marketing entered into a negotiated rate deal with Kaztex for one day transport from Demarc to Eagle.  It was Kaztex's intention to withdraw the gas they had in their IDD/Park & Ride account to bring their balance down to zero.  The negotiated rate deal required extensive review and the customer was tendered the contract at 11:52 AM.  Market Services held open the window to accomodate their late nomination.

Herein lies the problem, the Kaztex scheduler withdrew the Park & Ride from the Demarc Storage Point because Demarc was their Primary Receipt Point on the transportat contract.   Instead, they should have withdrew from their Ogden and Mid 17 Storage balances.  To date, they have tried to nominate a transport from the Mid 17 and Ogden points to Demarc Storage but the Storage Nominations continue to be allocated.

I understand it is not Northern's policy to transfer storage between two points without a transportation transaction, however, I would request for this specific case Northern would administer a transfer thus preventing any possible MIC charges at the end of the month.  I estimate the transport revenue being waived to be approx. $44 (2345 MMBtu from Mid 17 Storage * $0.019 plus 720 MMBtu from Ogden at $0 cost).  The negotiated rate deal easily made up this amount.

If you agree with allowing the transfer of the storage balances, please let me know and I will alert the appropriate scheduler and Kaztex.

Thank you for your consideration.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

Ricki, FYI.  I gave Christine the tickets for July 12th.  I will get you the info from Janet for the 13th.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Tracy and I  would like to go to the astros game Thursday, July 12.  We will be taking 2 schedulers at Conoco, Diane Dluhos and Nick Rassinier.  

Thank You,
Christine

Janet and Christine, I need:

	Which date each of you want:
	Who you are taking (name)
	Company Name they are representing

Thanks. Lynn

	I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for 
	Friday, July 13th.

	Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one
	one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I will be using the tickets for Friday, July 13.  C. J. Barrera and Ted Kleen from Conoco will be our guests.  I have invited Scott Hibbard to go also since he has not met the Conoco crew yet.

Thanks,

Janet

Janet and Christine, I need:

	Which date each of you want:
	Who you are taking (name)
	Company Name they are representing

Thanks. Lynn

	I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for 
	Friday, July 13th.

	Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one
	one of those nights?  Please let me know ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, we had our weekly TW imbalance meeting this morning and I think
	you will be very pleased next week to see the progress the team has made.
	
	They have come up with plans for both the dollar valued and volumetric
	imbalances.  We have ensured the volumetric imbalances have not grown
	this last week and will continue this effort.   

	TK, Darrell and Dan are bringing suggestions to the table to look at the economics
	of what the customers are doing.   We will continue to monitor throughout
	this week and weekend and be ready for an update on Tuesday.

	Hope you both are having a great vacation.  See ya next week.  Lynn

John and Terry, please review and let me know any comments. 

Rick and Jodie, FYI Thanks. Lynn

The attached recommendations document provides some additional detail to some of the items listed within the presentation.
  

Tammy, would you have some time for us to discuss our game plan?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
We really need to start the X12 exchanges -- I am sure you will agree in
light of the events over the weekend.  I will push from my end and hopefully
you can push from yours and we can make this happen!

(Hope I see you at the Interconnect Meeting in October.)  I told Cheryl
Snyder to be sure both us were on her invitee list.  I think she'll be
sending out the notice soon.

Happy 4th from Colorado Springs,
Kathy

Kathy,

I have been working on other things.  I will focus on the confirmations
this week and give you and Mike an update.

Tammy

Tammy and Mike,

What's the status of our X12 file exchange?  Are we ready to implement
this?

Due to the latest problems in communication between our schedulers, we
probably should get this in place as soon as possible.  I believe it
would
streamline the confirmation process between our two pipes.

Let me know what I can do on this side to expedite getting this
going....

Kathy

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender.
******************************************************************

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender.
******************************************************************

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Dave/Charlie
Attatched is our rework of Charlies "Check Valve" reimbursement proposal.
As you can see, we have expanded the scope of this potential agreement to
address several issues and put in place a mechanism to continue to make
progress towards the best gas segregation fix we can come up with in the
Holcomb area.  Please get us your comments and revisions as soon as
possible.  Let me know if you have questions.

Steve Winston
ONEOK Field Services
 <<OneokCheckVlv2b.doc>>

 - OneokCheckVlv2b.doc 

FYI.  Any changes you want to make are OK with me.  Thanks. Lynn

		
	Sharon, could add the following company/person to the invitee
	list.  In talking with Bob Stevens it sounds like Semco is doing more
	and more business on NNG and he felt we should invite them.

	Semco
	Dave Tyler
	Manager of Regulatory Affairs and Gas Services
	dave.tyler@semcoenergy.com

	Thanks. Lynn

Ricki, are you planning on Ava covering for you next week when she gets back? Or is Alma
covering for you? Thanks. Lynn

I just wanted to let you know that I will need to leave today around 4:00.  At this time, I don't know the actual flight time for tomorrow,  but it could be as early as 3:30.  I will be on vacation Monday , Tuesday and possibly Wednesday.  I will send out a separate message to everyone once I have flight arrangements finalized.

Sorry for being so evasive, but things are still in a state of turmoil for me.

Thanks for understanding,
Ricki

	
	I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday, July 17 (Astro vs Cleveland Indians)  and
	4 tickets for Friday, July 20 (Astro vs Cubs)

	Does anyone have customers they would like to take. 

	Please let me know the date, name of customer and customer company ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

I don't think anything has changed.  I just wanted to be sure I had the right understanding.
Ava can certainly help out where needed.  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley has never requested anyone to cover for her.  I have asked her before if she required coverage, and she told me no, and its because she is so self sufficient.  If she needs anything, she ususally asks Ava, since she is the closest and I always take my lap top with me.

Have things changed and no one told me?

Thank you,
Ricki

Ricki, are you planning on Ava covering for you next week when she gets back? Or is Alma
covering for you? Thanks. Lynn

I just wanted to let you know that I will need to leave today around 4:00.  At this time, I don't know the actual flight time for tomorrow,  but it could be as early as 3:30.  I will be on vacation Monday , Tuesday and possibly Wednesday.  I will send out a separate message to everyone once I have flight arrangements finalized.

Sorry for being so evasive, but things are still in a state of turmoil for me.

Thanks for understanding,
Ricki

	
	There will be an update meeting on the status of the TW customer meeting on
	Tuesday, July 10 at 1:00 p.m. in EB4194.

	The meeting will focus on the following:

		Finalizing date - October 23 or October 24, 2001
		Ensuring everyone has seen the customer list
		Boat - Size
		Meals
		Gifts
		Access to training room in Enron Building on 5
		Agreement on invitation (Mark your Calendar) to be sent mid July

		Status of Agenda

	Thanks. Lynn

	Sorry for the change.  But the below referenced meeting has been re-scheduled for:

		Wednesday, July 11 at 3:00 p.m. in EB4102

	Thanks.  Lynn

	
	There will be an update meeting on the status of the TW customer meeting on
	Tuesday, July 10 at 1:00 p.m. in EB4194.

	The meeting will focus on the following:

		Finalizing date - October 23 or October 24, 2001
		Ensuring everyone has seen the customer list
		Boat - Size
		Meals
		Gifts
		Access to training room in Enron Building on 5
		Agreement on invitation (Mark your Calendar) to be sent mid July

		Status of Agenda

	Thanks. Lynn

	Rick, Mike and Jodie, we reviewed the attached recommendation and wanted to pass on
	an idea to you. On NNG, we are trying to ensure new or existing meters do NOT come on without
	a schedule volume to ensure proper billing.  Since TBS' on NNG do not always have a scheduled 
	volume tied to it, we may need to ensure the volume is covered at the Zone level by the shipper.  
	Do you think this is something the Measurement Desk could help the field with?  We certainly
	would be glad to help in any way on the scheduling side. This is especially important for new meters
	as we go through the billing process.  
	Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn

The attached recommendations document provides some additional detail to some of the items listed within the presentation.
  

It's a surprise!!!!!!!!!!! - We had a choice of 2 different sizes and Ava
is checking on some info for us.  Thanks. lynn

What does "BOAT SIZE" mean? 

TK

	Sorry for the change.  But the below referenced meeting has been re-scheduled for:

		Wednesday, July 11 at 3:00 p.m. in EB4102

	Thanks.  Lynn

	
	There will be an update meeting on the status of the TW customer meeting on
	Tuesday, July 10 at 1:00 p.m. in EB4194.

	The meeting will focus on the following:

		Finalizing date - October 23 or October 24, 2001
		Ensuring everyone has seen the customer list
		Boat - Size
		Meals
		Gifts
		Access to training room in Enron Building on 5
		Agreement on invitation (Mark your Calendar) to be sent mid July

		Status of Agenda

	Thanks. Lynn

Mike, thank you for the update.  My only concern now is the file Jeff
sent us last night took 13 hours to load (I am not sure it ever loaded).
I know Jeff is diligently working on this, hopefully he can get this fixed
this weekend.  Tammy has a call into Jeff to see if we need someone available
this weekend to help test.  Thanks again for your support and follow up.

fyi
Tammy & Jesse,

Just wanted to touch base with you on todays activities.
We have address the problem with Utilicorp and you will now see 40 records on all meters.
A test file has been sent and Jesse notified. Please let me know of any further problems
that may develope on this file.
Jesse has notified me that the Entex file had a problem and will let me know what the point 
of failure item is. We will move to correct this immediately.
I have not heard if there were any problems with the Texaco files.

Any problem that we find will any EDI file will be resolved and that resolution will be implemeted 
for ALL EDI files. Like the 40 record problem on Utilicorp.

I want to be sure and emphisize that EDI is our top priority right now and we have every intention
to have these files ready on close night. If by some chance we still have problems the night of close
we will continue to resolve them to get the files out ASAP. Unlike the MIPS system, PGAS enables
us to run the EDI file over and over till we have what we need from the system. As long as the customers 
knows that we are redeveloping the file we send them they should understand that there MAY be a 
delay in them getting their data. I do not intend for this to occur but they may need a heads up if you
have not already done that. 
The backup plan for all of this is fairly simple, Other than a copy of the statements there is not one.
Going back to MIPS is not an option. The June data has not been entered into MIPS(except EFM)
and will not be available. Utilicorp already receives a number of copies of the statements. If there is 
someone or some department that would also need a copy in the event of a delay in the file we will sent 
it to them.

If you have any questions regarding the EDI files please feel free to contact me.
I am currently working an afternoon to evening shift so will not be available in the morning
except by pager.(713-813-8096)
Tks, Jeff
X66191

	
	Here is our first draft.

			 

	Tammy, thanks for the update.  Please keep me posted if we 
	are not going to meet Wed. dead line.  Thanks. Lynn

Provided below are some bullets outlining today's events.  The fact that we can now translate the EDI file is a giant step forward in the testing process.  Jesse and Jeff has done an outstanding job of getting us to this next step today.  

Let Utilicorp know we are committed to our delivery date of Wednesday.
For the Utilicorp file,  the biggest problem was the missing 40 records.  The 40 record contains the volume (quantity).  When the 40 record is missing, the translator stops processing the file so no file is sent to Utilicorp.  By Friday afternoon,  the problem with the 40 record has been resolved for testing.   
The trailer record is incorrectly being sent as a 40 record. Jeff will have David fix it from home and resend this weekend.  
Now that the files are able to be translated.  I will review test files for any data issues and report results.
The HPL file sent to Texaco contains several occurrences of a "?" in the tube inside diameter, tap type, and meter type fields.  When this situation occurs, the meters' with the "?" are sent to an error directory.  The error directory information is sent to the Measurement department to correct.  Once the data is corrected, the meters will be resent.   I am trying to find someone to take ownership for HPL since Enron sold it.  

Regards,

Tammy

	Ranelle, I have a meeting Tuesday afternoon from 2:30 - 3;30 and Wednesday from 1:00 - 2:00. Otherwise
	I am available on those two afternoons.  I would like for John Buchanan and Terry Kowalke to be included
	on this discussion.  Thanks for getting this meeting set up.  Lynn

The only time I'm not available is Monday from 1:30-2:30.  Tuesday is probably better since we'll need to get the fuel filing out on Monday pm.  sjk

We would like to have a meeting to discuss how we should/want to handle scheduling alternates versus TI above our sustainable capacity level at interconnect points.  I don't know what everyone's schedule looks like so I will throw out Tuesday (July 10th) or Wednesday (July 11th) in the afternoon as options.  We will probably need at least an hour.  What times are best?  Is there anyone else I need to include?
Ranelle

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

fyi

ds

Griffith Energy will be off line until approx. 18 July.
Please share this with your staff.

David A. Bowers
Primesouth, Inc.
www.griffithenergyproject.com

Dennis, you are right, we are in the process of combining the two northend teams.
They should be getting with you to give you any info you need to update PLE.
Thanks for following up on this.  Lynn

I heard a rumor that the Des Moines and Omaha teams have been combined and will now be called the North Team; is this correct?  

Should I be updating PLE to reflect the change?

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

=09Dennis, John has been working with IT on a Forest and Trees issue which =
was fixed
=09this weekend.  You might want to check and see if it is the same problem=
 you are having.
=09Thanks. Lynn

You may have noticed that you have not received updated shipper lists for t=
he last few weeks.  When the conversion was made to Windows 2000, Forest & =
Trees quit working.  Therefore, I am unable to produce the reports until th=
is has been resolved. =20

I am working with Linda Trevino and Glen Stovall to fix the problem as soon=
 as possible. =20

In the meantime, PLE is being updated to reflect changes as I receive them.

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	FYI.  This is Christopher's roommates resume.  Mary Kay is sending
	me Christophers today hopefully.  Thanks. Lynn
     

	FYI. Thanks. Lynn

FYI. sj

Steve,

Our first thought on this was to make it a volumetric agreement.  But now, we are re-thinking that we would like to have a dollar-valued OBA with daily cash out.  Guardian wanted a copy of our agreement today, but since we plan to re-draft, I've told them that it will be a couple of weeks before they get a draft from us.  So, please disregard this and I'll be sending you a new OBA draft sometime within the next week or two.  Thanks!

Janet
How come this isn't cashed out at each month's end? sj

Steve and Gary,

Attached is the standard volumetric OBA agreement that NNG normally uses.  However, we have made some changes to it in paragraph #7 - Other provisions - in an attempt to tighten it up a bit.  Please let me know ASAP if you have any problems with the language.  Thanks!

Janet

 << File: GuardianOBA.doc >> 

Ava, go ahead and get you a new printer.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I wanted to get your approval for a (cheap) printer.  My printer went out and Glenn said it would be cheeper to replace it rather than getting it fixed.  

Everything seems to be going out on me first my monitor now my printer.

Thanks,
Ava

John, can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus as=
sociates on the=20
distribution list.  Thanks. Lynn

So here's the one with the attachment.
DL=20

OK...We're back...

Here is the latest shipper assignment list.  Please let me know if there ar=
e any changes. =20

Also, please let me know if there are others that need to be added to this =
mail list.

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	FYI.  Thanks. LYnn

Lynn, 

Give me a call if you have any questions about Chris.  I am recommending him for a position within your team.  Thanks! -Mike

Shelley, 

Per my conversation with Mary Kay, attached is a resume for Chris Miller.  I know Chris well and believe he has the strong communication skills, intellect and drive that it takes to contribute to the ETS team.  For these reasons, I would like to recommend Chris for a position within your group. 

Please give me a call if you have any questions or would like to discuss.  Thank you for your consideration.  See you soon!
 
Mike Barry 

 

=09FYI.  Thansk. Lynn

We received the following communication Dated August 29, 2001 from Conoco:

"In an effort to improve the quality of our services and consistent with pr=
actices, Conoco Gas and Power Marketing, a division of Conoco, Inc. has ins=
talled equipment to record telephone conversations with our customers and t=
rading partners.  These recordings will benefit us all by verifying the acc=
uracy of our verbal agreements and reducing the chance for miscommunication=
.

Working in this fast-paced environment, many of you are already familiar wi=
th recording transactions conducted by telephone.  Recording will occur aut=
omatically and continue throughout the conversation.  There will be no noti=
ce or recording indicator. =20

Please call me if you have any questions about this arrangement.  We apprec=
iate your business ant the opportunity to serve you.

Sincerely,

Jerry Wheatley"

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	I am fine with Gary and Darrel having update access as long as they understand that
	it means they have access to change shippers info.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,  

I had a request from Darrell to set him up with update capabilities to nominations, confirmations and scheduled quantities.  Currently I have both Gary and Darrell set up with update capabilities to the process control and inquiry to all of the TMS screens.  Let me know if you are OK with them having any kind of update capabilites and I will get a form together for your approval.

Thanks,

Maggie 

Ava, how should we handle?  Thanks. Lynn

Company Card transactions have arrived.

To add these transactions to an expense report, click on the following link for Company Card.
http://expensexms.enron.com

Ava, here is the other email I got on expense report.  Thank.s Lynn

(Embedded image moved to file: pic15724.pcx)
                           Concur Expense (XMS)
                             Common Questions

   1.  Where can I find online documentation on Concur Expense?
   Answer: Documentation on Concur Expense is stored in the ISC Document
   Library.   Go to the following link:
   http://isc.enron.com/site/doclibrary/user/default.asp  and click on the
   XMS - Concur Expense folder on the left.

   2. How can I sign up for Concur Expense training and how much does it
   cost?
   Answer: Go to the following link:
   http://iscedcenter.enron.com/docentlm/login.htm.  Log in using your
   Enron email address.  Enter your birth date as the password in the
   following format: MMDDYYYY.  Under the Courses section, select Concur
   Expense (XMS).  This will show the training schedule.  Click the Enroll
   button to sign up for a class.  The cost is $250.

   3. Will old XMS expense reports be converted to the new Concur Expense
   system?
   Answer: No.  History data was not converted to the new system because of
   our move to an Application Service Provider (ASP) solution for Concur
   Expense.

   4. How can I view my old expense reports?
   Answer: Call the ISC Customer Care group at 713-345-4727.  The ISC will
   be responsible for printing out old expense reports and forwarding them
   to you.  Other options are being reviewed to allow you to view old
   expense reports.

   5. Are there any Enron specific help instructions for Concur Expense?
   Answer: Yes.  If you log into Concur Expense, you will see a link to
   Enron Help on the Concur Expense home page under the Company Links
   section.  Also you will see a button for Enron Help at the top of the
   screen when entering expense reports.

   6. Is Enron's Travel Policy available in Concur Expense?
   Answer: Yes. If you log into Concur Expense, you will see a link to
   Travel Policy on the Concur Expense home page under the Company Links
   section.  Also you will see a button for Travel Policy at the very top
   of the screen when entering expense reports

   7. What if I am unable to see any of my credit card charges in Concur
   Expense?
   Answer: Since there are a number of factors that could cause this
   problem, it is best to call the ISC Customer Care group first.  The ISC
   will research the problem and get back to you with an answer.

   8. Does Concur Expense have a time-out feature?
   Answer: Yes.  Concur Expense will automatically time out after 20
   minutes of inactivity.

   9. How do I enter foreign currency into Concur Expense?
   Answer: Go to the ISC Document Library described in #1 above.  Go to the
   XMS - Concur Expense folder.  Next go to the Special Procedures folder
   and following the directions stated in the document called Add a Foreign
   Currency Expense to an Expense Report.

   10. Are there any other sources to quickly get me started using Concur
   Expense?
   Answer: Yes.  Concur Expense provides a Quick Tour for new users.  Log
   into Concur Expense and click the Help button in the top right corner of
   the screen.  Then click the button labeled Quick Tour at the top of the
   help screen.  The ISC intranet home page also contains some helpful
   information.  The following link summarizes some of the topics discussed
   above:  http://isc.dev.corp.enron.com/site/XMSchange.htm.

   11. Can you quickly describe some of the internal changes in the new
   Concur Expense system?
   Answer:  There are minimal changes in the new upgrade.  Here is a list:
   ?  The first screen only has one tab instead of two
   ? New expense types were added
   ? Attendees and approvers will now be printed on the expense reports
   ? Manager and receipt dunning notices will be sent out
   ? The statistical order and statistical WBS element fields have been
     separated out

   Please direct all other questions to the ISC Customer Care group at
   713-345-4727.
 - pic15724.pcx 

	Talk about a blast from the past.  Thought you might
	like to see this.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:

This is a busy place and I know you're quiet busy also.  Sometimes the only alternative to communications is emails.

I just wanted to get in touch with you and just let you know that this facility was finally sold.  The buyer is EOTT.  I have been offered a position with EOTT and their benefits seem to be comparable to Enron's however there are some changes.  After 19 years I hate to leave Enron, so I just wanted to see if you would keep me in mind if any positions become available.  Working in the scheduling and nominations area for you with NNG has been the most rewarding experience in my career and I would love to get back to an areas where I felt that I excelled.  I know that there has been some changes in the last few years, however, there is nothing holding me back at this time.   I certainly would have stayed if my family situation would not have been what it was 5 years ago.  I was not looking for a job, God just seemed to drop it down at  time that I needed to do something.  

Speaking of family, my daughter J'Nel has grown up to be a wonderful, beautiful, responsible and extremely lovable daughter.  We have become such great friends.  The adolescence years gave both of us some major growth in our lives for the best.  She is living in England right now, working and going to college.     I am very proud of her.

We are in a transition month, we become EOTT employees effective August 1.  I will try to touch base with you i the next couple of days.

Thanks for your consideration.

Nelda

	I know a lot of work has gone into this effort and I really appreciate
	all the creative thinking some of you have done to accomplish our
	new report.  Dale and John, would you please work together to
	get the accounting support team to meet with us and to
	talk to someone about the long-term implementation of this project.
	Thanks. Lynn

Looks like we are on track to resolve all outstanding requirements except the prior month imbalance.  The data we need is not currently available by point, only contract.  Perhaps a meeting with IT Accounting Support would be the best next step.  Also, it would be nice to turn over the code we have to someone in IT for long-term implementation.  Lynn what are your thoughts?

	
	Here are a couple of things I want to be sure we discuss in the morning.

		Two Associate Interviews - Bring to Houston

		PRC

		My conversation with Brad about the Migration this weekend
		Meeting scheduled for Thursday

		PGAS concerns - Jodie taking lead with you and reps

		

Ava, just wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn

As part of the recently negotiated agreement with United Parcel Service (UPS), Enron employees may now utilize two new letter centers when sending packages after hours.  These letter centers are located in Three Allen Center, on the ground level, behind the down escalator, near the U.S. Postal Services self-service area and in the Enron Building, at the back of the escalators near the automated teller machine.  

Letter-sized envelopes, as well as boxes up to 18"x 13" x 3" can be shipped via Next-Day Air, Second-Day Air, Third-Day Select, UPS International and UPS World-Wide Express Service.  

In order to eliminate service disruptions, please apply a completed label to the envelope or box, in accordance with previously communicated shipping instructions.  When utilizing the shipping documentation available at the letter center, please include the Enron account number and your company code and cost center in the reference fields.  

Pick up times at the letter centers are 7:45 p.m. for Three Allen Center and 8:00 p.m. for the Enron Building, Monday through Friday.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Glenn Lewis, Global Strategic Sourcing contract manager at 713-646-7512.

	Terry, would you work with Darrell on this issue and let me know outcome?  Thanks. Lynn	

It appears that Citizens is continuing to overschedule volumes, thus the oba is still getting bigger.  Even though this oba will probably be cashed out, should we allow them to continue to "overschedule"?
They have also been in a penalty situation the past few months.  When we do cash out, I think that we should deduct these penalties from their payment.

	Donna, I want to be sure we put this in Friday's bullets if Mary leaves
	it out.  This is signifcant for her as well as the North Team.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI

John,

Please forward the following message to NNG reps:

On Wednesday, July 11, Wisconsin Gas will begin sending EDI confirmations to NNG at all points that they confirm.  The first EDI file should come in for the July 12 Timely Cycle.  Wisconsin Gas will send NNG the confirmation and NNG will respond with the confirmation response and, if applicable, an unsolicited response on line items NNG has that Wisconsin Gas did not send.  Wisconsin Gas will not be sending a confirmation response quick response.  This confirmation process will be similar to WEPCO's confirmation process.

Thanks,
Mary

Alicia, I am sorry I did not get this sent to you earlier, but I have a prior commitment and will not
be able to attend.  I hope it is a good time for everyone else.  Thanks. Lynn

Reminder:  Friday, July 13th is Afternoon at Jillian's.  We hope to see you there.

 << File: come join us.doc >> 

Larry and Raetta, did Randy do this on his own?  Thanks. Lynn
 
Attached is a new journal voucher in excel format, which will allow MSR's to electronically file their JV's on the network.  Dan Fancler's group has approved the new JV for immediate use.  Let me know if you have any questions or problems with the new JV. Thanks.
 
 

Randy Bryan 
Market Services Representative 
Northern Natural Gas Company 
(713) 853-0438 

 

	Ava, I will contribute $10.00.  Jut come by and get it.  Thanks. Lynn

I will be participating in the UNCF Walk-a-thon in September 22nd, if you would like to make a contribution please let me know.   

Thanks,
Ava 

	
	Attached is the action form HR has indicated we are to use for Level 3
	performer.  This form will be in addition to the PEP system Peformance
	review form.  In discussions with Shelly we will use the form for all
	Level 3, but ONLY input "target dates" for those employees with
	issues.

		 

	Thought I would pass it on and let you modify as you need for your reviews.

	If I have throughly confused you, give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Julia, got your message last night.  Hope all is well.  Steve and
	I wondered if you would be available for lunch, Tuesday, Wednesday
	or possibly Thursday next week.  We would love to see you and Dave.

	Let us know.  We can meet you wherever it is convenient for you.

	Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Mary Hanford from Mirant (Pan Alberta)  called to advise due to Northern Bo=
rder unplanned outage they will be cutting her gas by 15% starting today ga=
s and this weekend.  Since these cuts will affect Reverse Auction, Mary wil=
l not keep the Reverse Auction customers whole, these cuts will need to be =
passed down to their Reverse Auction contracts.

James

Terry and John, do you have Mike's desk covered on those two days?  Thanks. Lynn

I do not have a problem with it.

John Buchanan

If it doesn't conflict with established plans.....I need to take Thursday, July 26th and Tuesday, July 31st as vacation days.
Please let me know if there is a problem.

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

 
Attendees
    Lynn Blair
    Steve January
    Hasan Kewdaii
    Joanne Bisbee
    Jeff may
    Mike Sullivan
    
A representative with Cedar Falls Utility contacted the NNG measurement desk about volumes for the current gas day changing on the Operator Confirmation Summary.
 
Issue:
 
The daily PGas extract is including partial volume with an Incomplete flag for the current gas day (not closed).  The MIPS extract did not process current gas day volumes.  The Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS displays the incomplete volume to the TMS scheduler and to external customers thus impacting the imbalance calculation.
 
Possible Solution:
1.	Hold the data pole file until gas day is complete
2.	Modify downstream system to process the incomplete flag to ignore current day volumes 
3.	Modify the PGas extract so that current day volume will not be included.

Solution:
 
PGas IT staff will modify the PGas extract so that current day (non closed) volumes will no longer be included in the file.  This will make the extract identical to the MIPS daily extract file it replaces.  TMS IT staff will modify the Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS to display the flow codes included in the extract.  The flow codes are as follows:
 
Blank     = Complete record
I             = Incomplete record
*             = Complete but edited record
 
Mike Sullivan with provide a work plan and implantation date.  If you have any question call me at 713-853-1534.

Thank you
Dale Ratliff

Ava, did you recieve this message?  Thanks. Lynn

Effective, July 1, 2001, a number of measures and recommendations were implemented to reduce costs associated with travel, entertainment and professional services throughout Enron.  As ETS employees, it is our responsibility to follow the Enron-wide cost-savings guidelines below:

Travel and Business Expenses

?	Air Travel - Reducing air transportation costs is Enron's top priority.  Please take advantage of Enron's negotiated discounted airline fares by using ClickTrip, the Enron-managed online travel booking service, located at <http://clicktrip.enron.com/enron>.  Although use of Travel Agency in the Park ("TAP") or the Global Strategic Sourcing (GSS)-approved preferred travel agency for your location are still available, ClickTrip is the tool we should all use.

ClickTrip provides employees easy access to all travel and pricing options for their destination (excluding proprietary carriers) and assists employees in making the most cost-effective travel decisions by providing the most current information.  In addition to bringing an estimated savings of 20%, ClickTrip is easy to use and is accessible 24 hours a day from any internet-enabled personal computer.  After-hours telephone support is also available.

When making travel reservations, please purchase non-refundable coach tickets when flying in the U.S., for these tickets can cost up to 65% less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed, if necessary, for a $100 fee.

?	Lodging and Car Rental - GSS has negotiated preferred rates at a number of worldwide hotel chains, as well as with National and Alamo car rental companies.  For more detailed information, please visit <http://travel.enron.com>.

?	On-line Expense Reporting - All requests for reimbursement of business-related expenses should be made through XMS, the new on-line expense account reporting tool.  Please access XMS at <http://xms.enron.com>.

?	Off-site Meetings - To schedule off-site meetings and events for more than 10 people, please contact Tracy Ramsey, GSS Director, Travel and Transportation Services Portfolio Team at (713) 646-8311.

For information on all travel services, please contact Tracy Ramsey at (713) 646-8311.  

Professional Services

To better leverage Enron's purchasing power, all new professional service expenditure arrangements including legal, financial, accounting, engineering, information technology and others, and those due for renewal, must be negotiated through, or in consultation with, GSS.  Contracts for more than $5,000 must be pre-approved by both GSS and ETS. Prior to engaging GSS, please submit all service requisition forms to Rod Hayslett, Danny McCarty, Phil Lowry or me for business unit approval.  

To comply with the professional service procedure, a Professional Services Requisition form must be completed.  This requisition can be accessed on-line at <http://ibuyit.enron.com/gss/ibuyit/servicesprojectrequestform.xls>, or by contacting Ron L. Smith, GSS Director, Administrative and Indirect Services Portfolio Team at (713) 345-6329.
    
Additional information about Enron's cost-saving initiative will be on ETV, in eBiz and Enron Business, as well as in information booths in the Enron Building.

As we all work together to reduce costs across Enron, please forward additional cost-saving ideas to <recommendationsforcostsavings@enron.com>.  

If you have additional questions, please contact Derryl Cleaveland, GSS Senior Director of Operations, at (713) 646-7024.  

Stan

		
	Well, guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out.  But attached is
	the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be
	primary and secondary knowledge base.  

			 

	Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see
	by Tuesday, July 17th.  Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting.

	Thanks. Lynn

	
	Ava, please change per our conversation.  Thanks Lynn
 

 

	Julia, Thursday sounds great.  We can leave as early as 11:00 a.m. since Steve is
	catching a plane to Minneapolis that afternoon.  Just let us know where and when.
	We look forward to seeing you guys Thursday.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn & Steve,
   How about next Thursday for lunch?  If that day works, we will call you
Thursday morning about where and when (obviously, we retirees have a pretty
tight schedule).
   It'll be great to see you.  Look forwarding to getting caught up!
   Take care,
       Julia & dave

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

	FYI.  A little higher capacity than we had anticipated.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI,

Injection capacity has been changed to 600,000 MMBtu effective 7/17/2001 until further notice.

Thanks.
Reyna Cabrera
(713) 853-3072

    Ava, please get with Randy and look at his schedule and mine for us to meet the first
    of next week.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, let me know when you can meet next week to discuss these issues.  Thanks
 
Randy

    I do not understand this schedule.  Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings?  Also can you give
    me the schedule for the weekends now that you have Diana and Renee on the weekends?
    Plus I would like to know what customers you gave Diana and Renee from a scheduling perspective
    and what you took away from them from an accounting perspective to even the workloads.
    Could one of you schedule some time with me and John to review the above questions?
    Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
    The team has decided that we only need one primary evening person, which is Shirley Walden.  In the event that Shirley is out of the office, the team will use a rotational schedule between all team members to cover the evening shift.  I have attached a tentative schedule for evening coverage. If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.

Randy Bryan 
Market Services Representative 
Northern Natural Gas Company 
(713) 853-0438 

 

Mike, thanks for your help on this effort as well as your quick response.  Lynn

I have an initial estimate of about 8 hours of work on the PGAS side.  I have asked Jeff to let me know when they plan to do the work and will let you know.

 
Attendees
    Lynn Blair
    Steve January
    Hasan Kewdaii
    Joanne Bisbee
    Jeff may
    Mike Sullivan
    
A representative with Cedar Falls Utility contacted the NNG measurement desk about volumes for the current gas day changing on the Operator Confirmation Summary.
 
Issue:
 
The daily PGas extract is including partial volume with an Incomplete flag for the current gas day (not closed).  The MIPS extract did not process current gas day volumes.  The Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS displays the incomplete volume to the TMS scheduler and to external customers thus impacting the imbalance calculation.
 
Possible Solution:
1.	Hold the data pole file until gas day is complete
2.	Modify downstream system to process the incomplete flag to ignore current day volumes 
3.	Modify the PGas extract so that current day volume will not be included.

Solution:
 
PGas IT staff will modify the PGas extract so that current day (non closed) volumes will no longer be included in the file.  This will make the extract identical to the MIPS daily extract file it replaces.  TMS IT staff will modify the Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS to display the flow codes included in the extract.  The flow codes are as follows:
 
Blank     = Complete record
I             = Incomplete record
*             = Complete but edited record
 
Mike Sullivan with provide a work plan and implantation date.  If you have any question call me at 713-853-1534.

Thank you
Dale Ratliff

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

I have an initial estimate of about 8 hours of work on the PGAS side.  I have asked Jeff to let me know when they plan to do the work and will let you know.

 
Attendees
    Lynn Blair
    Steve January
    Hasan Kewdaii
    Joanne Bisbee
    Jeff may
    Mike Sullivan
    
A representative with Cedar Falls Utility contacted the NNG measurement desk about volumes for the current gas day changing on the Operator Confirmation Summary.
 
Issue:
 
The daily PGas extract is including partial volume with an Incomplete flag for the current gas day (not closed).  The MIPS extract did not process current gas day volumes.  The Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS displays the incomplete volume to the TMS scheduler and to external customers thus impacting the imbalance calculation.
 
Possible Solution:
1.	Hold the data pole file until gas day is complete
2.	Modify downstream system to process the incomplete flag to ignore current day volumes 
3.	Modify the PGas extract so that current day volume will not be included.

Solution:
 
PGas IT staff will modify the PGas extract so that current day (non closed) volumes will no longer be included in the file.  This will make the extract identical to the MIPS daily extract file it replaces.  TMS IT staff will modify the Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS to display the flow codes included in the extract.  The flow codes are as follows:
 
Blank     = Complete record
I             = Incomplete record
*             = Complete but edited record
 
Mike Sullivan with provide a work plan and implantation date.  If you have any question call me at 713-853-1534.

Thank you
Dale Ratliff

	Gina here is the spreadsheet I was talking to you about.  Sorry I failed
	to put your name on here.  Thanks. Lynn

		
	Well, guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out.  But attached is
	the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be
	primary and secondary knowledge base.  

			 

	Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see
	by Tuesday, July 17th.  Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting.

	Thanks. Lynn

	No replied to these tickets.  Do you have anyone you want to give them to
	in your groups?  Thanks. Lynn

	
	I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday, July 17 (Astro vs Cleveland Indians)  and
	4 tickets for Friday, July 20 (Astro vs Cubs)

	Does anyone have customers they would like to take. 

	Please let me know the date, name of customer and customer company ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ricki, do we have any tickets for next week?  I would like to go ahead
	and give Laura some as a "thank you" for switching pipelines.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, If you have tickets available for the week of July 22nd and no one has a customer to take out, I would be interested
in having them.  My Mother is in town and I would like to take her.  Thanks, Laura

	
	I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday, July 17 (Astro vs Cleveland Indians)  and
	4 tickets for Friday, July 20 (Astro vs Cubs)

	Does anyone have customers they would like to take. 

	Please let me know the date, name of customer and customer company ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI,  Thanks. Lynn

	The "CMS Approvers" in Omaha (Kent, Dave, Mary Kay, Dari, etc.) will be migrated to Outlook sometime this week.  It is very important that if you have any deals that are routing or that will route before Thursday (7/19), that you notify Linda Trevino (x3-5413) immediately.  Any deals that are started, and need routing approvals, will need to be completed the same day or they will have to be killed and re-routed when the Outlook migration has been completed.  Please forward this to anyone in your region that works in the CMS system.  Thanks!

Craig

Brad, sorry I did not get the message to Ava before she sent this out.  She will send another out
in the morning and include Tammy.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Gina, each assistant does time sheets.  So I believe Alma Green would be the person that supports you.
Cost centers is Donna's responsibility to work with us.  She has been real good about researching information
for us.  Just let her know what you need.  I may go ahead and have a Primary and Secondary for Time
Sheet questions and we can discuss on Wed.  Thanks Lynn

Hi Lynn!

You know how I LOVE dealing with this "stuff!"

Will someone be responsible for timesheets?  And what about cost center reviews?  Does Donna do that?  I need to make sure that appropriate costs are hitting my rc.

Thanks!

Gina

	Gina here is the spreadsheet I was talking to you about.  Sorry I failed
	to put your name on here.  Thanks. Lynn

		
	Well, guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out.  But attached is
	the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be
	primary and secondary knowledge base.  

			 << File: Administrative Functions.xls >> 

	Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see
	by Tuesday, July 17th.  Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Raetta - Could you please forward this to everyone in market services?
Rosemary - Could you please forward this to everyone in Marketing?

As you may already know, on July 10, NNG again filed with FERC to update our fuel rates in line with our annual PRA
(docket RP01-395).  We filed the same rates that were set up for June 1, then pulled when FERC suspended them for 5 months, pending a Technical Conference.  The new filing asks for the rates to be effective August 1 and has requested FERC approval by July 27 to facilitate early nominations for August business.  After discussing the rate changes with our customers, we are hopeful that the latest filing will be approved.

I do not expect to update the Rate Matrix on the EBB or to load the rates into the system until we receive FERC approval.
The next FERC meeting is Wednesday, July 25.  

If customers want to see the proposed rates, they can consult our Tariff, sheets 54 (fuel & UAF), 54A (exception points), and 61-64 (transport fuel) on the EBB under "Proposed" with Effective Date "August 1, 2001".

Becky, yes I got a note as well.  I was very impressed he took the time
to acknowledge this situation to us.  Hope all is well for you.  I enjoyed
the opportunity to work with you on Mauro's trip.  Take care.  Lynn

Hi, Lynn - Did you get a copy of this from Mauro?  I thought it was very touching.  

Dear Rebecca,
that sorrow tragedy, those coward attacks are beyond any expression of sadness and reproach.
I do believe that those who are responsible for the cowardly attacks be soon discovered and punished.
I also feel that in these times there is at stake the fundamental issue of Liberty, for all of us.
Just before coming to visit you I took part to a conference in Dallas, where Chairman WiIlliams of RCC gave a speech. 
It occurs to me recalling his words to the audience, at the end of his speech
God Bless America, and God Bless You
Mauro Formaggio

Ricki, it might be quicker to re-create the timeline.  I can give you a colored copy so you
can keep it identical to the one we have.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn I have a few hard copies of the old ET&S timeline that I created in 98.  I remember I was on vacation when I created it because Donna was faxing changes to my house.  Wish me luck trying to find it in that mess, everything is in boxes.  I know it's on a diskette somewhere, so please bear with me.  If I can't find it, should I recreate it, and if so, are there any changes.

Thanks,
Ricki

	Shelley, FYI.  Thought you might be interested in this info.  We will
	keep you posted.  Thanks. Lynn

I called Christine Slayman at US Gypsum to discuss clearing the credit balance on the A/R.  Christine informed me that US Gypsum had voluntarily filed Chapter 11.  Christine is to get back with me at a later date to discuss further.

I then asked Sherry Forbish if she knew anything about the bankrupcy filing.  Sherry had not heard anything and we called Tim Johanson.  Tim informed us that Rob Cooper of US Gypsum said the bankrupcy filing was to protect themselves from asbestos litigation.

Let me know if you have any other questions.

Kathy

	Dale, what is the timing for adding this information.  Also are you
	or John setting up the meeting to discuss the accounting imbalance
	info?  Thanks. Lynn

Mike and I met today and have completed creation and testing of the database processes to breakup storage as follows.  Dale's team can implement these changes when ever they desire.  Please call Mike or I with questions.

Service			Database / Excel Procedure
Net FDD			No Change
Packet				ETSMorningReportPacket (date)
PNR				ETSMorningReportPNR (date)
Total Net FDD/IDD Storage	Sum three items above
Peak				ETSMorningReportPeak (date)
Pack				ETSMorningReportPack (date)	
Unanticipated Swing		No Change

Don,
Last week we talked about the Net IDD number displayed on the referenced report and the benefits of displaying the Net PNR activity separately from Net Packet activity. As a follow-up to that conversation I was able to confirm that the Service Sub Type in CMS was used to differentiate PNR contracts from Packets agreements in TMS.
PNR has No Contract "Service Sub Type"
Packets have a Service Sub Type of "A" (Seasonal), "B" (Backdraft) or "U" (Other). The Packet activity can be combined and reported as one number. 
In addition, I have asked Contracts to establish Service Sub Types of Traditional, Non Traditional, and Storage for Service Type: SBA Pack/Draft so that Pack & Draft activity can be reported separately from the other activity. It is my  recommendation that the SBA line on the subject report be changed to report Peak activity (Service Type: SBA Winter Peaking) separately from Traditional Pack/Draft. The Non Traditional and Storage Pack/Draft should be used in calculating the Unanticipated Swing but should not be displayed on the report.
If you have any questions or would like to discuss further, please call me     

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

 
Harry Woodson's grandfather passed away either last night or this am.  The services are to be held this weekend. He will be calling back with more details later today,  when we recieve the information we will forward to Ava.

Harry is scheduled to work the core hours this weekend , Sherry is going to work for Harry on Saturday July 21st (the 6:30- the3:30 shift) Harry should be in on Sunday. Please make sure the weekend posting is updated accordingly.

Will be keeping everyone up to date if there are more changes.

Chris G

	Ava, did you send out last weeks notes?  If so can you resend to
	team advisors and coordinators.  Thanks. Lynn

Today's team leader mtg., July 17th, will be held in conference room EB4194 at 2:30p.m-3:30p.m.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	Shelley, I think you want to continue using this report.  It is the report we have
	used all along to confirm the number against the ultra sonic meters.  We can
	discuss further if you like.  Thanks. Lynn

Given the Oneok Arbitration Decision, does it make sense to continue to send this report out?  Is it consistent with the decision in that PVR is not used on a going forward basis?
The attached is a copy of the spreadsheet reflecting the PVR  balance as of 7/16/01.
If there are any questions, please contact me at (713) 853-7634.

					 << File: PVR2001.XLS >> 	

	Sheila, could I have one of the nights next week to give to Laura for Astro tickets?
	I'll give you one of mine!!!!  Thanks. Lynn
	

Those tickets were given to Sheila for distribution.  Tuesday July 31st went to Rick and the next game is August 1,,,,,,,, I have not given these out, so let me know if you need them.

Thank you,
Ricki

	Ricki, do we have any tickets for next week?  I would like to go ahead
	and give Laura some as a "thank you" for switching pipelines.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, If you have tickets available for the week of July 22nd and no one has a customer to take out, I would be interested
in having them.  My Mother is in town and I would like to take her.  Thanks, Laura

	
	I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday, July 17 (Astro vs Cleveland Indians)  and
	4 tickets for Friday, July 20 (Astro vs Cubs)

	Does anyone have customers they would like to take. 

	Please let me know the date, name of customer and customer company ASAP.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, the DCC (downstream capacity constraint) code was to acknowledge that the downstream is the 
	constraint vs our pipeline being the constraint.  We are working with Tammy and Donna to come up with existing codes to
	use for Needles and Nigas.  Thanks. Lynn

I know this has to do with Needles, but I don't understand the DCC cut code -- could you give me a quick explanation?
The new cut code went into production on the evening of the 17th of July, along with the rest of the migration. The reason being, is that it was already written 
into the script and tested. When we found out that there were issue surrounding the new code, it was to late to take out of the script and re-test. So in the
mean time, I have sent a memo to the teams informing them not to use the new code. The new code will not be pulled out of the system until the next migration, which is slated for September 1st time frame. If you have any questions, please ask me. Thank you.

Terry Kowalke

	So, why did only Jean and Janet readily respond?  Thanks. Lynn

NNG MSRs,

Thank you Jean Adams and Janet McDaniel for updating your demand comments as requested.
To the other analysts: Please update the spreadsheet noted below by noon today. If you have questions or need assistance, call me at x36951.

Thanks,
Alice

An Excel  spreadsheet (AR  GT_3Days DMD06.xls) of outstanding demand invoices billed for June 2001 accounting month that have not cleared AR as of July 17th is available in COMMON on gphou-nwgway1. 	

Please update the spreadsheet by 5 p.m. Wednesday (7/18) to identify payments received but not applied and disputed invoices for May 2001 demand. 
 
A worksheet tab is also included in the file showing outstanding demand invoices for January 1999 to May 2001. Be prepared to explain your resolution plan for the non-current demand invoices in the near future. 

You may contact me at ext. 36951 if you have questions or need assistance.

	Brad, do we need to bump this concern up a level?  or have you already?  Seems like 
	there has been a LOT of down time.  Thanks. Lynn

Rick and Lynn,

FYI on the Flowing Gas testing.

Larry
During this targeted week of testing completion, we are now again experiencing performance/server problems that have resulted in an average of 2 -3 hrs.of testing downtime per day for UAT.  ( 7/16 -7/18)  
Bobby is working on trying to resolve and pin point what may now be causing this.   

Also, Security is being addressed on Imbl Invoice reports as possible fix was put into model office today.  New test of data tomorrow.  

Larry and I met with Joanne Bisbee and Bobby Oubre on wrapping up testing on Flowing Gas.  We agreed that on Friday, July 20, we  will complete testing.

Next week (July 16-20), we will be in the testing room as much as possible to finalize all issues we have.  We have also asked that all testers be available and have their teams work with them as much as possible, so that testers can help finalize this testing.

We expect to move into production by the 25th.  Internal User review should occur the 26th - 30th.   Pilot Program for select customers targeted to commence for July 30th and should last about two weeks....  With expectation to provide full production access to all customers for July's production month commodity close.

Issues remaining:   Security concern with a couple of reports ; i.e. Imbalance Invoice; etc.
CSV Download :  Retest changes.  (Expect to finalize retesting by Monday 7/16

Legale

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is a short recap of the NNG winter operations meeting:

 

Here are the notes from the feedback sessions (this document summarizes general themes):
 

Here is a compilation of the written feedback provided at the meeting:
 

Here is the action plan for items related to gas logistics:
 

This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. You can now send messages on my behalf.

You have been given the following permissions on my folders:
	Calendar:   	Reviewer (can read items)
	Tasks:      	None
	Inbox:      	None
	Contacts:   	None
	Notes:      	None
	Journal:    	None

To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this.

	Jeff, thanks for taking care of this.  We appreciate your help.
	Dale, would you let me know if everything looks OK in our systems for all three pipes?
	Thanks. Lynn

The change has been implemented to drop the CURRENT day from the extract process. In this case, today is the 19th and there are NO daily records for the 19th in the file. Processing has just completed and this has been verified. Earlier today I contacted the oncall person for each company and let them know that the change had been implemeted and that no impact was expected to their processing. But, just in case, if there was a problem it may be associated with this change. I have no doubt that if there is a problem, everyone has my number. It's like an old worn out shoe. Just to play it safe,,,,,,,,,
713-646-6191 - Office - I get in approx. noon.
713-813-8096 - Pager
Jeff

Work on this item has been delayed by our need to focus on other issues that have arisen.  Jeff now estimates this change will be complete this Friday.

     
Pardon me.  The word is that we should be able to start development on Tuesday and complete Wednesday.  We will keep you apprised of progress.

I have an initial estimate of about 8 hours of work on the PGAS side.  I have asked Jeff to let me know when they plan to do the work and will let you know.

 
Attendees
    Lynn Blair
    Steve January
    Hasan Kewdaii
    Joanne Bisbee
    Jeff may
    Mike Sullivan
    
A representative with Cedar Falls Utility contacted the NNG measurement desk about volumes for the current gas day changing on the Operator Confirmation Summary.
 
Issue:
 
The daily PGas extract is including partial volume with an Incomplete flag for the current gas day (not closed).  The MIPS extract did not process current gas day volumes.  The Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS displays the incomplete volume to the TMS scheduler and to external customers thus impacting the imbalance calculation.
 
Possible Solution:
1.	Hold the data pole file until gas day is complete
2.	Modify downstream system to process the incomplete flag to ignore current day volumes 
3.	Modify the PGas extract so that current day volume will not be included.

Solution:
 
PGas IT staff will modify the PGas extract so that current day (non closed) volumes will no longer be included in the file.  This will make the extract identical to the MIPS daily extract file it replaces.  TMS IT staff will modify the Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS to display the flow codes included in the extract.  The flow codes are as follows:
 
Blank     = Complete record
I             = Incomplete record
*             = Complete but edited record
 
Mike Sullivan with provide a work plan and implantation date.  If you have any question call me at 713-853-1534.

Thank you
Dale Ratliff

When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: Lynn's Office

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

	Ava, I have review the IP/TV anti trust and sent that to Frazier King.  Some of the others
	may have done the same.  You might call Frazier and see who is still on his list of these
	people.  And if my name pops up let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

The following are the list of names I have as not attending/viewing Annual Antitrust Presention:

Jean Adams
Robert Benningfield
Jean Blair
Lynn Blair
Michael Bodnar
Randy Bryan
John Buchanan
Nancy Callans
James Carr
Leonard Daily
Tangie Dykes
Jodie Floyd
Sherry Forbish
Chris Greaney
Bert Hernandez
Randy Janzen
Terry Kowalke
Joe Linhart
Janet McDaniel
Christine McEvoy
Beverly Miller
Tracy Minter
Amy Mulligan
Renee Perry
 Diana Porter
Cynthia Rivers
Debra Scurlock
Kathy Sturr
Shirley Walden
Linda Ward
Kathy Wasington 
Jerry Wilkens
Harry Woodson
Lynda Laferla
Scott Hibbard
Jacob Conklin 

If you are not on this list and should be please let me know.  I now have the Antitrust video and would like to schedule a time and date for viewing.

Thanks,
Ava

	
	Todd, I am planning on attending both the Sunday event as well as the meeting
	on Monday.  I look forward to the meetings.  Thanks. Lynn

	Mike and Terry, does this impact our storage numbers for July?  Thanks. Lynn

Beginning Wednesday, after the production migration, a problem was discovered with the IDD/PNR Contract Balance view on the storage menu.  The view was not displaying all information; it appeared many of the total balance fields were missing and zeros were displayed where numbers should have been.  After looking into the issue, we discovered that the data was never making it from the database.  This led us to believe there was a driver incompatibility issue.

We began working with Microsoft to find the cause of the problem.  Meanwhile, we removed our ODBC changes for this particular image and went back to using native driver connections.  This solved the problem with the view so it was decided to move this change to production.  We are still working with Microsoft to find the exact cause of the problem.

A fix was developed yesterday and moved into production last night.  The view should be fixed today.  I have tested it and am happy with the results.

We are satisfied with the solution of switching this process back to native driver connections.  I can give a more detailed explanation if you like, just let me know.

Jennifer

	
	Karon, I would like to order a 15" flat screen monitor for Christine McEvoy
	(EB4135K).  Her monitor is going out and we need to replace it as soon as
	possible.  Please let me know if you need any additional information.

	Thanks. Lynn

	
	I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the
	procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.

	Some of the questions being asked:

	1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?

	2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?

	3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?

	I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking
	at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.

	Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will
	get a room and let everyone know date and time.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	Tangie, I had a call from Delaine yesterday and she and several others want to come down
	the week of August 20th to clean up all issues.  I said let me know who is coming.  She is
	sending me a list.  Hopefully we can resolve this at that time.  Does that work for you?
	Also, are you here that week of August 20?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I have been trying for several months now to get Onoek to reimburse Northern for a credit they have taken twice (5/00 and 6/00 Commodity billing).

Northern wired Oneok $178,748.87 on 8/10/00 after netting 6/00 commodity items.  On 2/12/01 Oneok came back an took a credit for the same items.  Two items were short paid which now leaves Oneok owing Northern $182,006.19.

Nothern also wired Oneok $26,847.80 on 6/29/00 after netting a transport imbalance with other outstanding items.  Oneok has taken this credit twice as well.

I have tried on numerous occasion to get Oneok to reimburse Northern but, Oneok continues to tell me they are researching the problem and can't seem to locate the wires.  When I spoke with Oneok early on they found the larger wire which was posted as Enron instead of Northern.  Again today they are telling me they can not locate the payment.  The reason for this memo is to get you assist me in getting these items cleared.  I have been working with Richard Tibbs (accounting) and Kelly Olsteen (payment), Richard reports to Randy McIntosh.  I really appreciate your assistance.

		Randy McIntosh		(918)591-5162
		Richard Tibbs		(918)591-5017
   

	FYI, Thanks. Lynn

As our department will be spread out over three different floors, Josh will be used as a "runner" between locations to deliver important mail, faxes and other documents.  

We assigned him a pager so that it will be easier to locate him and request his assistance.  His pager number is 713-200-6435.  

Rick
	

Brad, thanks for the info.  Also should John Dushinske be invited to this meeting?  He is the
Vice President over the North End Generation load and new services.  Just a thought.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn and Rick:  

In conjunction with getting formal approval for the Rates & Revenue system, we are soliciting "buy-in" from the Marketing group.  It is important for them to understand the project plan, the initial functionality and the level of Marketing personnel commitment for use case writing and testing.  Shelley requested that this topic be discussed along with  the following:  

Morning meeting structure and content
Deal Capture
Web Site posting procedures

The marketing attendees would be Jo Williams, Kent Miller, Bill Fowler and Dave Nuebauer.  As soon as Shelley discusses this with Dave, I will move forward to set up the meeting (in Omaha).     We will need to meet prior to the meeting to discuss structure, content and attendees.  

Brad

	Ava, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I forgot to let you know that I am only available on Wed.

TK

	
	I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the
	procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.

	Some of the questions being asked:

	1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?

	2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?

	3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?

	I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking
	at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.

	Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will
	get a room and let everyone know date and time.  

	Thanks. Lynn

When: Tuesday, July 24, 2001 9:00 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: Lynn's Office

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

	Ava, that is fine with me.  Just be sure you have a back up and let the teams know.
	who is the back up.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I need use one of my vacation day's for Friday, July 27th,  due to a family issue.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	Steve, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Rick this is the result of the problem I discovered when we first went to PGAS.    I turned it over to Dale Ratliff for NNG and passed it to Jeff May to verify.   I am not sure if this will not become a different issue further down the road when we will possibly want to provide the customer with as close to real time EFM data as possible.   There will be a time that we will probably have the capability to show numerous EFM data accumulation updates during the current gas day.  That is one of the advantages of PGAS.

Tks - Mike W.

The change has been implemented to drop the CURRENT day from the extract process. In this case, today is the 19th and there are NO daily records for the 19th in the file. Processing has just completed and this has been verified. Earlier today I contacted the oncall person for each company and let them know that the change had been implemeted and that no impact was expected to their processing. But, just in case, if there was a problem it may be associated with this change. I have no doubt that if there is a problem, everyone has my number. It's like an old worn out shoe. Just to play it safe,,,,,,,,,
713-646-6191 - Office - I get in approx. noon.
713-813-8096 - Pager
Jeff

Work on this item has been delayed by our need to focus on other issues that have arisen.  Jeff now estimates this change will be complete this Friday.

     
Pardon me.  The word is that we should be able to start development on Tuesday and complete Wednesday.  We will keep you apprised of progress.

I have an initial estimate of about 8 hours of work on the PGAS side.  I have asked Jeff to let me know when they plan to do the work and will let you know.

 
Attendees
    Lynn Blair
    Steve January
    Hasan Kewdaii
    Joanne Bisbee
    Jeff may
    Mike Sullivan
    
A representative with Cedar Falls Utility contacted the NNG measurement desk about volumes for the current gas day changing on the Operator Confirmation Summary.
 
Issue:
 
The daily PGas extract is including partial volume with an Incomplete flag for the current gas day (not closed).  The MIPS extract did not process current gas day volumes.  The Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS displays the incomplete volume to the TMS scheduler and to external customers thus impacting the imbalance calculation.
 
Possible Solution:
1.	Hold the data pole file until gas day is complete
2.	Modify downstream system to process the incomplete flag to ignore current day volumes 
3.	Modify the PGas extract so that current day volume will not be included.

Solution:
 
PGas IT staff will modify the PGas extract so that current day (non closed) volumes will no longer be included in the file.  This will make the extract identical to the MIPS daily extract file it replaces.  TMS IT staff will modify the Operator Confirmation Summary in TMS to display the flow codes included in the extract.  The flow codes are as follows:
 
Blank     = Complete record
I             = Incomplete record
*             = Complete but edited record
 
Mike Sullivan with provide a work plan and implantation date.  If you have any question call me at 713-853-1534.

Thank you
Dale Ratliff

	Miranda, please sign me up for August 22 for the below referenced training
	session.  Thanks. Lynn

Please plan to attend one of these sessions.  Let me know if I've missed anyone who could benefit from this seminar.

	I am pleased to introduce and offer to ETS management -- "Legal Essentials for Managers" -- an in-house seminar on compliance with labor and employment laws and the practice of good employee relations.  This 4 hour, interactive program was designed while I headed the Office of Labor and Employment Relations in Corporate HR.  Therefore, it is tailored to Enron's culture and has been further refined to reflect ETS-specific issues.  The target audience are all those persons who have supervisory responsibility.

	The main goals of this session are to help management avoid employment-related litigation, maintain a trouble-free workplace, and maximize employee productivity.  In order to accomplish these goals, it is imperative to understand the intricate connection between sound management practices and legal requirements.

	Some of the topics covered are: maintaining a discrimination and harassment free workplace; the hiring process; compensation issues; performance management; lawful terminations; and all related topics that are necessary to effectively control the risks associated with managing a workforce.

	Now that we are between PRC periods, I believe it is the most opportune time to present this program.  It is no cost to your organization.  My staff and I will make all the necessary logistical arrangements, and travel to field locations to present the session as necessary.  

	All that is needed from you is your support.  Please forward this message throughout your organization and strongly encourage the attendance of all those who supervise employees or advise teams on personnel matters.  In fact, your attendance would set a great example.  I am available to attend any staff meetings to further explain the seminar, and I'd be more than happy to field e-mails, phone calls, or drop-bys.   

	It is my intention to offer as many sessions as necessary to train all management by the end of the year.  Each session is best conducted with about 25 persons.  Thus, with a target audience of approximately 250, this goal can be accomplished in about 10 sessions.

	Below is a schedule of sessions to run from 8:00 - Noon.  Participants are asked to contact my assistant, Miranda Southard, by e-mail to enroll in any of these sessions.  Enrollment will be on a first-come-first-served basis, with enrollment limited to 30 persons per session.  I will leave a date open for Omaha and a date for Denver.  Please let me know which date(s) would be best.  Also, if there is another location that I should target, please let me know that as well.

	Thanks for your support.

August 8
August 22
September 5
September 19
October 3
October 17
October 31
November 14
November 28
December 12

	Terry and John, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn

SoCal Needles Allocation meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, July 25 at 12noon-1:30p.m. in conference room EB4102.  Lunch will be provided for those in Houston office, please let me know if you will be attending.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	
	I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the
	procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.

	Some of the questions being asked:

	1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?

	2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?

	3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?

	I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking
	at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.

	Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will
	get a room and let everyone know date and time.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	Rob and Teb, I heard you were interested in  joining us tomorrow at teh SoCal Needles meeting.
	Just wanted to send you the information below and let you know we have you covered for lunch as
	well.  Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn

SoCal Needles Allocation meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, July 25 at 12noon-1:30p.m. in conference room EB4102.  Lunch will be provided for those in Houston office, please let me know if you will be attending.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	
	I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the
	procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation.

	Some of the questions being asked:

	1.  Why are we allocating for SoCal, (at their request)?

	2.  Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm?

	3.  What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles?

	I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well.  We are looking
	at Tuesday, July 24, at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday, July 25, 1:30 p.m.

	Please let Ava Garcia (713-853-5842) know which day is better for you.  Then we will
	get a room and let everyone know date and time.  

	Thanks. Lynn

=09Alma, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

R   E   M   I   N   D   E   R=20

Please RSVP to Alma Carrillo by e-mail or call 36503, if you are interested=
 in attending.

Gas Logistics Brown Bag

The IT Group is presenting a series of brown bag sessions to Gas Logistics.
  This is the first session in a series of more to come...........=20

SUBJECT:=09TMS Architecture Client Server

WHEN:=09Thursday, July 26th

TIME:=09=0911:30 a. m. - 1:00 p. m.

WHERE:=0947C2

RSVP to Alma Carrillo by e-mail or call 36503, if you would like to attend =
.

=09FYI.  Thanks. lYnn

Note:  This may open up opportunity at Greensburg as some ANR injection vol=
umes may have to flow from west to east.
ANR said Monday a previously delayed Southeast Mainline maintenance project=
 between Main Line Valves 9 and 11 is now scheduled for today through Thurs=
day. It will add another 75 MMcf/d of capacity constraint to an ongoing red=
uction of 100 MMcf/d that will run through the end of August due to compres=
sor maintenance on the Southeast Mainline.=20

Note:  This is a large one-day outage.  Have we heard anything about how El=
 Paso is mitigating the effects with their customers?
El Paso will shut down the Window Rock Station on July 27 for Department of=
 Transportation tests and station wiring changes. The work will coincide wi=
th modifications to Lines 1205 and 1218 in the San Juan Basin. North Mainli=
ne capacity will be reduced by 380 MMcf/d, and no deliveries can be made fr=
om El Paso to the ITWWINRK interconnect.=20

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

As our department will be spread out over three different floors, Josh will be used as a "runner" between locations to deliver important mail, faxes and other documents.  

We assigned him a pager so that it will be easier to locate him and request his assistance.  His pager number is 713-200-6435.  

Rick
	

	Jan, thanks for the update.  This helps me to "think" cold to pack!!!!!  Thansk. Lynn

Here's the weather report today.  I'll update you again later this week so we can make some final decisions this weekend on what clothes we need to take.  It doesn't look too bad as far as the temperatures.  Hopefully, they will get their quota of rain the next two weeks and we will have clear weather.

ALASKA WEATHER REPORT

Vancouver	57 - 73	Partly Cloudy
Ketchikan	54 - 61	Partly Cloudy
Juneau		50 - 59	Cloudy
Sitka		50 - 55	Partly Cloudy
Seward		50 - 61	Cloudy
Anchorage	54 - 63	Raining

Jan 

	Tammy are doing Wed or Thursday?  I have Fran scheduled for Wed. morning, but can 
	reschedule if we need to use that time for the accounting training.  If it is Thursday,
	I will reshuffle my meetings.  Thanks. Lynn

Sheila,

Thanks for letting me know about the change in plans.  I am trying to reschedule the accounting training as I am writing this communication.  Tentatively, I a conference room for this Thursday from 10:30-11:30 a.m.  Once I get a confirmation on the conference room.  I will distribute an e-mail notification to all the participants.

Tammy

	Tammy,  Shelly has rescheduled her staff meeting during the same timeframe you are planning the acctg training class.  Perhaps we can reschedule to hold during the morning?!  Sheila

Please make note that Shelley has changed her staff meeting with direct reports tomorrow (7/25) to 3:00 PM in EB4194.  Please adjust your calendars accordingly.

Thank you,
Ricki Winters
Assistant to Shelley Corman
ETS Gas Logistics
(713) 853-5754
EB4107

	Kent and Dave, I reviewed our analysis of the swing for July 17th this morning in the meeting.  High level
	recap is:

		130,000		Due to building line pack from Monday's gas day
		 95,000		Day to Day payback and I/C shortages ( the bulk of this was to
					repay Norval and Valero Sprayberry about 60,000 from
					the previous day)

		140,000		Due to Market Area overtake (this includes 40,000 of Mid Am imbalance
					plus 100,000 spread over ABC, D and EF.  In looking at LSF, we
					were not able to determine that any one zone over pulled.  It looked
					to be pretty evenly distributed)

		 15,000		Due to 5% tolerance on Power packs.
		_______
		380,000		The total swing was 419,000.  The difference of 39,000 is a combination
					operational adjustments.

	Hopefully this helps to identify some of your concerns.  If you have any questions, please let me
	know.  Thanks. Lynn	

THanks Terry,

We still need to look into what the source of the huge daily unanticipated swing numbers for the past 3 days.  Is this related to some of our scheduling difficulties with BP Amoco into El Paso or is it spread across our LDC shippers in the Market Area?

Kent

The storage numbers on the 8 am morning report were the correct numbers but the numbers being referenced to on (Sum Sheet Report) this morning had an error causing the unanticipated swing number be much larger than anticipated. It has been corrected and is now within 2 thousand of the 8 am report. The unanticipated swing number for the two previous days still stands as shown on the sum sheet report. If you have any further questions, feel free to give me a call at, 3-6403. Thank you.

Terry Kowalke

	Steve, FYI.  Thansk. Lynn

Lynn and Rick:  

In conjunction with getting formal approval for the Rates & Revenue system, we are soliciting "buy-in" from the Marketing group.  It is important for them to understand the project plan, the initial functionality and the level of Marketing personnel commitment for use case writing and testing.  Shelley requested that this topic be discussed along with  the following:  

Morning meeting structure and content
Deal Capture
Web Site posting procedures

The marketing attendees would be Jo Williams, Kent Miller, Bill Fowler and Dave Nuebauer.  As soon as Shelley discusses this with Dave, I will move forward to set up the meeting (in Omaha).     We will need to meet prior to the meeting to discuss structure, content and attendees.  

Brad

Mike, thanks for the info.  I would like to be included on receiving the log weekly.  Thanks. Lynn
FYI

Gary - for the time being would you work with George Marshall to send myself and Jodie Floyd an email if he identifies a potential EFM problem on the NNG north or south end.    We will log the ticket as a "Hot Seat" entry.   He will need to give us a little description - meter number and the tech's name and location for the log entry purposes.  You can see that Mike wants to document and track all EFM issues and would like himself and his Directors to be aware of the problems that could affect the customer's measurement and affect UAF & PPAs.   As we originally discussed,  this can only be done if all EFM problems are funneled through the Measurement Desk.

By following such a process we can log and track the ticket to resolution when the volumes are correct in GMS.  George does all the database work and most of the notification of measurement problems.   We don't want to duplicate efforts while George is still here but we need to get the issues tracked in the log that will be sent to NNG & Market Services Management,  Measurement Specialist,  Measurement Operations, NNG Marketing,  Gas Control IT  &  NNG Field Operations. 

George does a great job and we are doing our best to not disrupt his daily routine by duplicating efforts but we need him to keep us in the loop on potential measurement issues on any NNG station, north or south.    If we need to follow up on the status of volumetric issues we will contact the Tech.   It would be good if George would give us updates on physical/software repairs.   Angela has set him up to get into the NNG Measurement Log and he could make his own NNG entries & updates early in the morning before Jodie arrives at 7 AM..   That is up to him.  He can actually get in the log anytime he wants by letting Jodie know he wants to make entries.   I was told that George would be retiring the end of the year.  Once George retires then we will start doing the notifications on the NNG EFM custody transfer collection issues.  But in the mean time we need some help to make this NNG EFM effort work.

Tks - Mike W.

  -----Original Message-----
I am working with Robert Travers to coordinate a demo of the Teamshare software. Hoping for a demo next week. I will also be coordinating with the Corp Remedy support group for another demo from them. That way everyone will have seen both solutions and we can make a call on the right product to move forward with.

Thanks, Gary

Mike,   our objective is to send the log out weekly.   Right now most of the activity in the log is being generated Enron internally by our proactive approach,  NNG Gas Control, NNG IT, Schedulers and Marketing folks.   Rick Dietz will be sending out an internal communication announcing the official formation of the NNG Measurement Desk within Gas Logistics later on this week.    An external message will follow.   Once the external customers are made formally aware of the desk and the number is published we will pick up a lot more activity on potential measurement issues.   I would like to send out the log weekly to Shelley, yourself, Rick Dietz, the Directors, Measurement Specialist, Field Operation Teams, GMS, NNG Gas Control IT,  and anyone else that should be in the loop.   I will be sending the log out for the first time this week.

We also believe that we will have much more problem identification with a network trouble tracking system is in place that is web based and interactive.    Once we have a better trouble tracking tool than our current Excel spreadsheet log we will be able to be much more proactive with the help we will receive from the IT "Hot Seat" and GMS.    The "Hot Seat",  within Gas Control,  will soon be a 24 hour function so they will be monitoring many of the EFM scanning functions & telemetry and in a position to give us a "heads up" of potential measurement issues that we will troubleshoot and track to resolution.  GMS will also be able to access the log and make entries that they believe are significant measurement issues. 

Mike, you can count on our continued commitment to work with your field operations personnel, Gas Control IT, Field Measurement Services, and GMS to minimize measurement issues and reduce UAF.

Tks - Mike W. NNG Measurement Desk (713)853-7742

fyi
Measurement Desk - During July 12 - 19....NNG logged 13 SCADA and/or EFM measurement issues / inquiries of which 11 have been closed. 

Is there a way I, or the region Directors could see the log, who was contacted, etc? 

Mike Nelson
ETS North Operations 
402 398 7760

	One of you may want to set in on this meeting.  If not I can bring you up to speed.  Thanks.  Lynn

Purpose of the meeting will be to decide weather we offer DEFS the option to by-pass the Beaver dehy station. The meeting is today Wednesday, July 25, at 4:30 p.m. in 49C2 video conference.  There is also a bridge conference that has been set-up for the ones that need to dial-in 1-800-713-8600 and pass code is 6040.  

Thank you, 
Linda Wehring
Enron Transportation Services
Email: linda.wehring@enron.com
Telephone (713) 853-6040
Fax No.: (713) 646-4709

	Vernon, yes, you can do pool to pool transactions on an MPS agreement.

We gave an answer on this but I wanted to verify it was correct - they wanted to know if Mid 17 Pool could be pooled to Mid 17 Pool under an MPS agreement - I told them "Yes"  - let me know if this is correct.

	Vernon, please see my answers in red.  Sounds like you had a great meeting.  Let me know if
	you need any other info.  Thanks. Lynn

I attended a meeting with a Shipper yesterday who had questions that I promised to answer when I returned to the office.  Three of them are questions for you.

1) 	In order to use the 8:00 AM cycle for true-ups, since you cannot have a new path on the 8:00 AM, is it possible to put in a zero nom path to use for adjustments 	in the 8:00 AM? Yes
2)	What is considered a new nom when looking at non-on-time noms?  For instance, if you have a nom on the on-time and change the ID of upstream/downstream 	shippers on the 6:00PM, is this considered a new nom which jeopardizes flowing gas rights - especially if it was alternate firm? (what exactly triggers the system to 	view a change to any info that was in place as a new nom)
	Key Fields trigger a new path.  John will get you the fields.
3)	Is there a way, by Contract, to not allow a nom to be put in place if it is outside the contract alternate points (they don't want to be hit with Max Rates if their 	scheduler noms from a point they shouldn't have)?  No, the alternate template is all reciept points and all delivery points    

Also, they were delighted to hear that you would be willing to possibly come to their office to give an in depth scheduling discussion and may take you up on it.  I'll let you know.  We will need to meet with you before you go (if you go - may not be necessary or requested).  Just let me know if they call you, I am sure I can find SOMEONE to go to Virginia.  

Thanks!

When: Thursday, July 26, 2001 9:30 AM-10:00 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Brad, let's try calling Mike or Ed Thursday mg at 9:30?  Does that work for you

	Terry, please plan on attending.  Thanks. Lynn

Per the Commission's order yesterday, Transwestern will be required to submit daily transportation activity (nominated, scheduled & delivered), capacity release activity and capacity beginning August 1, 2001.  The information will be submitted 30 days after the close of a month -- meaning that our first report will be due September 30.  The order does not specify when the historical capacity information for May 1999 and May 2000 needs to be submitted -- so at this point I'm assuming that it will submitted with the first report.

I would like to have a brief get-together tomorrow at 10:30 AM (Ricki will follow with details) just to make certain that we head into the month collecting all the information we need to be compliant.  In particular, now that we will have to report nominated vs. scheduled to the Cal. border each day -- I have an even heightened concern that we head into the month making sure that we capture the SoCal Window number each day.

Attached is the Commission's "Order Imposing Reporting Requirement on Natural Gas Sales to California Market," which was issued late yesterday.

In the order, the Commission finds that if does have the authority to request the information as set out in the May 18 order proposing the requirements.   

The information is to cover August 1, 2001 through Sept. 30, 2002 (the end date coincides with the end of the Commission's mitigation plan re: wholesal prices in California and the West).
Specific info gas sellers and LDCs file concernign purchase and sales transactions is exempt from FOIA disclosure
Also, respondents may request privileged treatment of "other portions of their responses subject to the.....Commission's regulations"
Some of the questions have been modified based on comments received based on comments received on the May 18th proposal
Transaction by transaction data is required; FERC will aggregate the information
The information request will NOT be expanded beyond California
FERC is providing the reporting format as a data template to be available on RIMS.

The order is attached here, and the appendix listing specific questions is below.      

==========================================================================

APPENDIX

Answers to all questions below that require a statement of volumes should set forth the requested volumes on an MMBtu basis.

For Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines:

1.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract for transportation to the California border:

a.	the transaction or contract identification number;
b.	the terms and effective date of the contract;
c.	contract demand by shipper;
d.	the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
e.	the daily nominated volume by shipper;
f.	the daily delivered volume by shipper;
g.	whether the service is firm or interruptible; 
h.	the rate charged in $$/MMbtu;
i.	primary receipt and delivery points associated with the contract; and,
j.	whether the shipper is affiliated with the pipeline.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

2.	For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each capacity release transaction for transportation to the California border:

a.	the transaction or contract identification number, or offer number; 
(This number should tie to contract number reported in Question 1,a., above)
b.	the name of the releasing shipper;
c.	the name of the acquiring shipper;
d.	the contract quantity;
e.	the acquiring shipper's contract rate; and,
f.	the releasing shipper's contract rate.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
Docket No. RM01-9-000	- 6 -

3.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following system information:

a.	the maximum peak day design capacity;
b 	the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c 	the daily scheduled system volume;
d.	the daily delivered system volume;
e.	the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point;
f.	an explanation of each instance that the daily maximum flowing capacity is below the maximum peak day design capacity; and,
g.	an explanation of any daily variance in the maximum flowing capacity.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.	On a daily basis for May 1999 and May 2000, please provide the following system information:

a.	the maximum peak day design capacity;
b 	the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c 	the daily scheduled system volume;
d.	the daily delivered system volume, and,
e.	the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

For Sellers of Natural Gas to the California Market:

1.	State whether the seller is affiliated with an interstate or intrastate natural gas pipeline company or local distribution company, and, if so, give the name and address the affiliated company.

2.	 On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract in which you sold natural gas and the gas is physically delivered at points on the California border or in California: 
a.	the sales contract's identification number;
b.	the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates);
c.	the name of the buyer identifying whether the buyer is an energy marketer, local distribution company, or end user; 
d.	the volumes sold (on a MMBtu basis); 
e.	the price paid by buyer, and
f.	whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index).

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

3.	For each sales contract, identify separately the transportation component and the gas commodity component of the price.  If the sales contract specifies the transportation component of the price, the seller shall report that amount.  If the sales contract only includes an overall price, then the seller shall report the transportation cost it incurred in moving the gas from the point where it purchased the gas to the point where it sold the gas and how it determined that amount.  If the sale was made at the same point where the gas was purchased, and there is no transportation element in the sale, the seller shall respond "n.a."

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.	For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information on a daily basis for each of your gas purchase contracts associated with the sales contracts you identified in response to Question 2:

a.	the purchase contract's identification number;
b.	the pipeline upstream of the point of delivery; and the pipeline downstream of the point of delivery;
c.	the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates); 
d.	the daily volumes (on a MMBtu basis) purchased;
e.	the price paid; 
           f.         whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index),
g .	identify the entity from whom the responder purchased the gas; and,
h.	identify the point where responder took title to the gas. 

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

For Local Distribution Companies In California:	

1.	Provide your system's gas sales and transportation requirements, (i.e, contract demands and daily demands) by core, non-core, electric generation, and non-utility loads.  Provide a break down of these demands by type of service (e.g., sales and transportation) and quality of service(firm/interruptible). 

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

2.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract the local distribution company has with a transportation customer:

a.	contract demand by shipper;
b.	the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
c.	the daily delivered volume by shipper;
d.	whether the service is firm or interruptible; 
e.	the rate charged; and,
f.	receipt and delivery points associated with the contract.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

3.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract the local distribution company has with a sales customer: 

a.	the contract demand by purchaser;
b.	the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates); 
c.	the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) sold; and,
d.	the price paid by purchaser.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each gas purchase contract: 

a.	the purchase contract's identification number;
b.	the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates); 
c.	the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) bought;
d.	the price paid; 
e.	whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index); and,
f.	identify the point where (name of local distribution company) took title to the gas. 

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

5.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide by interstate pipeline the type and quantity of transportation service your system has under contract.  At each receipt point, provide maximum peak day design capacity, the daily maximum flowing capacity, the daily nominated capacity and the daily scheduled volumes of the local distribution system.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

6.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide on a system-wide basis your storage service rights i.e., capacity and deliverability rights.  Additionally, provide daily storage balances, injections and withdrawls.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

7.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide how much of your system's gas supply was from intrastate production sources.  Separately identify the sources, volumes, receipt points, and prices.  Include the total system supply in your response.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

8.	Provide a summary of your system's gas purchases in the following categories:

a.	daily spot purchases;
b.	monthly;
c.	short-term (more than 1 month and less than 1 year);
d.	medium-term (1-3 years); and,
e.	long-term ( more than 3 years).

by month for each of the last three years in the following format:

a.	price;
b.	volume; and,
c.	identify, by name, where these purchases were made (producing basin or at the California border).

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

	Shelley, FYI.  John is on call this weekend and will work closely with all the teams as we look
	at the EDI files on Sunday morning.  Thanks. Lynn
FYI
The EDI Hub Operations group is implementing a new system for the Team EDI web page.  The move to production is planned to begin on Saturday, September 15th at 6:00 p.m. and should be complete around 3:00 a.m. on Sunday, September 16th.  EDI files will continue to be processed until 11 p.m.  At that time, there will be a total disruption of EDI service until Sunday morning at 3 a.m.  Paging will still be in effect until 11 p.m.  To verify that all EDI files have been processed Saturday evening, please page the EDI production support pager at 713.327.3893.  The oncall person for the EDI Hub is Sanjay and he will have access to outstanding file information.  Also, I can be paged at 800.506.0472.  

To access the new Team EDI system on Sunday morning, continue to use the links/addresses, logon IDs and passwords that you use today.  The new system will look like the current system, but will have a couple of enhancements that will be discussed in a later memo.

If you have any questions, please e-mail me or page me.

Mary

	
	John, would you please work with Brad Holmes and Jerry Medeles to capture all of
	the system enhancements we have made on NNG since last years meeting.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, would you please designate these on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

Raetta,

Per our conversation, I will be taking the following vacation days in August:

Monday, Aug 6
Tuesday, Aug 14
Monday, Aug 20

Larry

	Larry and Raetta, could you touch base with Kathy and see if you can help
	her out.  If not, then let's get together.  Thanks. Lynn

Just got off the phone with Laura again.  She informed me that she had not deducted the GRI charges off Semco's invoices for April, May and June production.  I told her not to take the credits yet that Stacey was looking at the invoices.  

I think we need to look at this together.

Kathy

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Jeanne, 
Dale Ratliff is out of the office on vacation all next week & I wanted to help follow up on this item. I think for TW the posting it occurs after the cycle is complete. Rich  or Toby can  verify that for us. One thing that is different on TW, is our processis to confirm before we allocate. The allocation is the last process we do which produces our final or completed schedule volumes for each cycle.This is different than NNG which allocates then confirms. 

Also in you reference below that you need to know the schedule for posting Unsubscribed.  I want to make sure that this is correct or is it the operational available? I think the operational posting is what is scheduled after each cycle. 
Please let me know.
Thanks Ramona

Jeanne,

Unless there is any other comment we should post after the confirmations are complete,  even if the noms are late.

I will be out of the office the week of 7/30 so please send your comments or question to Bradley Holmes or Ramona Betancourt.

Thanks 
Dale Ratliff

    		
Dale,
I need to know what is the schedule for the posting of the Unsubscribed. These are the times the cycles run. Do we run when these are complete? Should we post based on the confirmation time? Do we follow these times even if Noms is late?

Thanks,
Jeanne 

Evening Cycle: Runs at approximately 6:00 -  6:30 p.m and confirmations run at approximately 9:00p.m.
Intraday 1: Runs at approximately 10:00 - 10:30a.m. confirmations run at approximately 1:00p.m.
Intraday 2:  Runs at approximately 5:00 - 5:30 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 8:00p.m.
Timely:  Runs at approximately 11:30 a.m  - 12:05 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 3:30p.m.

	Mary, FYI.  Thought I would pass this on.  Would you like to discuss further?  Thanks. Lynn

Sue Neville does not want us to change how the system is coded on disallowing makeup into storage due to the customers ability to arbitrage the system.

John Buchanan

	Mike and John, let's discuss?  I may have led Vernon astray?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, see Mike's comment I highlighted in red below.  I thought you said no new paths are allowed on the 8:00 AM (which is what I told Virginia Power) - who is right?

Mike,

Vernon has been talking to Virginia Power about their IDD agreement, and questions arose about the 8 a.m. true up process, SBS, etc.

Vernon explained to them that they must at least have a zero nom path in place in order to be able to true up at the final 8 a.m. process.  I told him that we like to encourage shippers to at least nom as closely as possible to their actual anticipated takes, but that a nomination of zero does count as having an existing path for true up purposes.  Would our preference be a zero nom path over a circular nom?  I told him that I believe we hate to encourage either of these, but if the customer chooses to do one or the other, which is the least harmful to us?
[Bodnar, Michael]  First let me clarify...zero nominations are no longer required for 8 a.m. true-up. You are correct we don't encourage any nominations that merely serve as placeholders. Our preference is to nominate based on best estimate of requirements. 
True-up nominations should not be too significant a number, but should be more of a refinement to minimize out of balance activity. At least that should be the goal...now I know sometimes the true-up nom is quite significant, but hopefully those are exceptions rather than the rule. 
Because the 8 a.m. true-up is a very onerous, manual process that must be completed in a very limited period of time, all parties to the transaction including upstream and downstream parties, and operators must approve the change, before the true-up is scheduled. In addition the change must have approval from NNG Gas Control. New paths are allowed but this becomes a more difficult task if number of parties are needed to approve the change.

If we are in an allocation mode, but we don't allocate the timely process and SBS kicks in, what happens if we allocate subsequent processes?  Does the SBS that was scheduled in the timely process hold, or will it be cut in the next process when a storage allocation occurs?
[Bodnar, Michael]  The activity should hold during subsequent allocation....unless bumped during one of the bump cycles. There is a slight possibility that the activity will be considered incremental but that possibiltly is minimized if there are no changes to the scheduled path.  

I always trip over my own feet when these questions come up.  Can you please set me straight once again?

Thanks,

Kay

		
	There is a meeting scheduled for Wednesday, August 1, to reveiew how TW allocates
	through pools.  

	Ava - Please see if you can possible get us 4102 and let us know where we will be meeting.

	Ava - Please order food for 10 from Trebeards.  The combination red beans and rice and
	         shrimp et..... (don't know how to spell!!).  

	Ramona - Carla is most interested in allocations through pools on the receipt side of the
		    business.  Doesn't mean she won't ask about delivery.  Let's discuss.

	
	Thanks. Lynn		
	

	Shelley, FYI.  These are some of the comments and requests we get about
	people attending the meeting.  Normally since Duke is in town and Duke and Robert
	have an opportunity to meet here, we usually do not sent those reps to the Winter Ops
	meeting.  However, a lot is going on with Duke right now and it might be very beneficial
	for us to go ahead and send Robert.  I'll review the list with you before we make a final
	decision on who goes.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Do you think it's possible for Robert to attend the Winter Ops Meeting in
KC this September?

I think it would be very valuable for both Shawn Amaya and Robert to spend
time together at the meeting just as I found it very valuable when I was
the Operations Rep for NNG a few years ago.  Not only is the Ops Meeting
structured and informative, it is also a great way to improve current ties
and create new relationships.

Please let me know what you think.

Thanks,

Shawn Davis
713 989 0904
sedavis@duke-energy.com

                    Shawn Amaya
I am planning to attend the NNG Winter Ops Meeting the second week of
September as we discussed.  However, my NNG rep Robert Benningfield informs
me that he and other reps might not be allowed to attend.  This was the
same case as last year.  Since I interact with my reps on a daily basis,
they are the ones familiar with our business and our operational concerns.
I think that it would be beneficial to us for him and other reps to attend
as they would be able to provide insight to the proceedings as they pertain
to our business.  We are investing time and money to attend these meetings
each year.  I think we should make sure that we get the most return out of
them.  Let me know if you can contact your counterpart at NNG to voice our
interest?

Thanks.

Shawn

	
	Ava, we have finally made a decision to go with November 8 and 9th, 2001 for the
	TW Customer meeting.  Please work with Donna on the details and let me know
	if you are not able to get the hotel for that time frame.

	Donna, it was also suggested we just do the meeting in the Enron building and then
	go down to Kehma for the boat ride.  What do you think of that idea?

	Thanks.  Lynn

	
	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Report with the corrections-

Thanks,

Fran

	Fran, just to follow up on our phone conversation, Janet McDaniel should be a 2.  
	Thanks. Lynn

Attached is your list for final ratings.  Please review for accuracy.

Thanks,

Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@enron.com

 << File: Blair Mid Year Final Ratings.xls >> 

	Sheila, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

There's got to be a way to pick it up since PNR parks (receipts) are picked up on the Market Summary.  Perhaps make purchases and sales pathed noms into a a purchase/sale point? Thanks for following up.

Rachel, the Market Summary report only picks up delivery quantities; therefore, it will pick up a sale of gas at a point in the supply area as this is a delivery out of linepack.  But, this report will not pick up a purchase in the supply area as a purchase registers as a receipt into the system.  This is why the purchase at Bridgeline Napoleonville (a receipt quantity) does not show up on the report.  We will need to see what we can do about that and get back with everyone.  I will talk with Larry Hill or Donna McGregor and let you know what we can do.  Thx, Jim  

Jim, please make sure that you work on correcting the Market Summary and other reports that may be needed for accounting and Gas Control such as a system balance report.  This purchase is still not showing up at least on the Market Summary.  Thanks.

Rachel and others:

Attached is a screen shot from TMS showing the scheduled purchase from Bridgeline Napoleonville Storage.  It has been scheduled for everyday in September so far.  Also attached below is a screen shot from the Scheduled Quantity by Cycle screen of the same purchase quantity for 9/14th.  Please call us if you have any questions.    

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

		
	Larry and Raetta, do you agree with Dari's comment?  Thanks. Lynn

I think we should do a settlement of the accounts receivable.  Although the effect is the same, it would be better to be able to say that we don't retier.  Any body have another opinion?  Dari

	Here is what I called about:   WTG is a small customer (Tariff Sheet No. 510) and are entitled to a 1000 MMBtu in tier one of their imbalance rather than the 3%.  However,  WTG Marketing actually was nominating on their own contract for WTG (small customer) and therefore was not receiving the small customer 1000 in tier one.  WTG  feels they were misled by Northern and thought they would receive the 1000 tier one because they were nominating to a small customer point.  If they would have understood that the 1000 Tier One was only applicable to the WTG's (small customer) contract. WTG Marketing would have nom'd as an agent on behalf of WTG (small customer) using WTG's (small customer) contract.

Okay here is the question:  Marketing and Gas Logistics is asking if they can retier retroactively to March 2001 up to current.  We have retiered for other reasons in the past due to our own measurement problems and this also appears to be Northern's "mistake" by providing misinformation.  What is your feel for this or  would be better to enter into a "settlement" with WTG Marketing so as not to set a precedent.  

Lynn or Janet,  feel free to straighten me out if I have the story confused.

Mary Darveaux
Rates & Tariff ETS 
Enron
mary.darveaux@enron.com

	Janet, please work with Larry and Raetta to put together a settlement letter.  I
	would like for Rick and Dari to review the letter before we send it.  Thanks. Lynn

	That would be my choice.

I think we should do a settlement of the accounts receivable.  Although the effect is the same, it would be better to be able to say that we don't retier.  Any body have another opinion?  Dari

	Here is what I called about:   WTG is a small customer (Tariff Sheet No. 510) and are entitled to a 1000 MMBtu in tier one of their imbalance rather than the 3%.  However,  WTG Marketing actually was nominating on their own contract for WTG (small customer) and therefore was not receiving the small customer 1000 in tier one.  WTG  feels they were misled by Northern and thought they would receive the 1000 tier one because they were nominating to a small customer point.  If they would have understood that the 1000 Tier One was only applicable to the WTG's (small customer) contract. WTG Marketing would have nom'd as an agent on behalf of WTG (small customer) using WTG's (small customer) contract.

Okay here is the question:  Marketing and Gas Logistics is asking if they can retier retroactively to March 2001 up to current.  We have retiered for other reasons in the past due to our own measurement problems and this also appears to be Northern's "mistake" by providing misinformation.  What is your feel for this or  would be better to enter into a "settlement" with WTG Marketing so as not to set a precedent.  

Lynn or Janet,  feel free to straighten me out if I have the story confused.

Mary Darveaux
Rates & Tariff ETS 
Enron
mary.darveaux@enron.com

	Shelley, FYI.  We will let you know how well this arrangement works after
	several weeks of testing it.  Thanks. Lynn

All,
After talking it over with Lynn Blair, and with Sheila Nacey's agreement, the TMS Oncall support hours are being modified.  Instead of the current rotation that requires 2 developers to be oncall each working day plus a third person fulfilling the responsibility on the weekend, the TMS team is experimenting with a rotation of one oncall person for work days and one for the weekend.  The TMS team will still continue to provide oncall support from 6:30A to the end of the last cycle.

The only noticeable change during this 6 week experiment will be the onsite support hours, which will now be from 6:30A to 6:00P.  Following is an outline for oncall procedure during this period:

1)  Designated TMS Oncall will provide on-site support from 6:30A to 2:00P
	At times when the Oncall does not feel comfortable about being able to commute to office before 6:30A, the Oncall will 	provide support from home until he/she is able to hand off the responsibility to TMS team member onsite.
2)  TMS team, collectively, will provide the on-site support from 2:00P to 6:00P
	Before leaving, the Oncall person will make sure that one of the team member, already on-site, has accepted the 	responsibility for answering oncall pages
3)  Designated TMS Oncall will provide off-site support from 6:00P to the end of processing for last cycle

There will be no change to the weekend oncall procedures.

John/Terry,
please make sure that all schedulers are aware of the above change.

Please let me know if you have questions or concerns.  

Thanks

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI--I visited with Galen Friday pm and he is planning on returnning this Thursday & Friday for a half day.  Next week, he will probably work half-days Mon, Tues, Thurs & Fri.  Then we'll go from there!  His half-days will be catching the last bus from his area in the morning, and leaving on the first one back home.  He will be going down to the health center over lunch to rest.  Also, he's in a brace from his armpits to his hips which he says is extremely hot.  We're ready to welcome him back, but go easy on him!

Dana, the signed copy after the meeting is fine with me.  Thanks. Lynn

A letter has been sent to Terra detailing the resolution of the accounts receivable.  Frank Semin is meeting with them again tomorrow, Tuesday, July 31st to review and hopefully get their signature.  I can provide you with a copy if you like or we can wait for the signed version after tomorrow's meeting.

Dana

The customer accounts status meeting was held today, July 26th.  Marketing had one follow up item related to Terra and what the status of the receivable and related settlement is.  I am following up with Frank and will get back with Shelly's group. 

You should be receiving copies of the package shortly.

Please let know if you have any questions.

Dana

Dana L. Jones
NNG Commercial Support
713-853-5787

Ava, remember I am on vacation August 6 through August 17th.  So it would be good to schedule one
for the week of August 20th,  maybe the 22 or 23 to give me a couple of days to get back.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I was getting ready to schedule our July/August Monthly Staff Mtg. is there a certain day you would like mtg. scheduled?

Thanks,
Ava

    Do any of you know if we use this Right Fax?  Thanks. Lynn
Lynn-do you know if anyone in Gas Logistics uses Right Fax?  The server team would like to move the location of the Right Fax server in the future.
 
Thanks.  Jean

	John, can you help me put together the presentation we want for the Winter Ops
	meeting?  Thanks. Lynn

Please have your presentations for the NNG Winter Ops meeting sent to Debbie Moore, who is in Gina Taylor's shop, by August 20th. Debbie will then put all the presentations in the same format. We want to be able to make copies here in Houston and ship to Kansas City rather than pay Kinko's up there to make copies which is very expensive. Your co-operation is appreciated. thanks. sj

	Let's discuss in the morning. Thanks. Lynn

Lynn and Steve,
 I think you can answer this question below on the posting. The question is when to post.
Can you get back to us & let us know?

Thanks Ramona

Ramona,

I sent her the approximate times the TW cycles are completed last week (below).  The issue she is having now is when to post.

1.  After the cycle is complete   or
2.  After confirmations are available. 

Today we currently generate a new posting for Operationally Available every 15 minutes to keep it constantly updated. But if we go to 4 times daily, when does she set the time to generate and post?  I'm probably not the one to answer this.  Someone needs to make the call which of the two times would be correct one to post.  Another issue is when we have system problems and the time gets thrown off and it has a set time to run, wouldn't this skew the available capacity numbers?

This was my e-mail to Jeanie last week..........

They are generally set times, but there are times when we are having (TMS) system problems that the times have to be pushed up. But as a general rule the times that TMS cycles run are:  (This is for TW)
Evening Cycle: Runs at approximately 6:00 -  6:30 p.m and confirmations run at approximately 9:00p.m.
Non Grid: Runs at approximately 8:00 - 8:30 a.m. 
Intraday 1: Runs at approximately 10:00 - 10:30a.m. confirmations run at approximately 1:00p.m.
Intraday 2:  Runs at approximately 5:00 - 5:30 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 8:00p.m.
Timely:  Runs at approximately 11:30 a.m  - 12:05 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 3:30p.m.

Toby,
Have you already covered this issue below from Jeanne. I am thinking that you and Mary and Marketing might have already discussed. If so, can you respond back to Tina & Jeanne.

If you do not know, can we meet & discuss so we can get them an answer by Tuesday.
Thanks Ramona

Ramona,
Operational and Design Capacity Postings to the Internet and thru EDI is already implemented in Production and to my knowledge does not have any issues that I am aware of in regards to the schedules. 

The schedule for posting that I am referring to is for Unsubscribed Capacity. The meetings that were held with regards to Unsubscribed Capacity included what to post, for how long and and the frequency of the postings. Today, Perry maintains and updates his Excel spreadsheet and the Internet team posts the Unsubscribed capacity every hour. In one of our meetings, it was decided that we would post 4 times a day with the automated feature rather than every hour. From that I am trying to determine the times so that I can create an automated schedule to have this data available. The schedule really only applies to the Internet postings. EDI's schedule is when the customer sends in a request for data.  If you can coordinate and finalize this schedule while Dale is out, it will help us move forward. If you have any other questions, please call me as Tina is also out of the office until Tuesday.
Thanks,
Jeanne

Jeanne, 
Dale Ratliff is out of the office on vacation all next week & I wanted to help follow up on this item. I think for TW the posting it occurs after the cycle is complete. Rich  or Toby can  verify that for us. One thing that is different on TW, is our processis to confirm before we allocate. The allocation is the last process we do which produces our final or completed schedule volumes for each cycle.This is different than NNG which allocates then confirms. 

Also in you reference below that you need to know the schedule for posting Unsubscribed.  I want to make sure that this is correct or is it the operational available? I think the operational posting is what is scheduled after each cycle. 
Please let me know.
Thanks Ramona

Jeanne,

Unless there is any other comment we should post after the confirmations are complete,  even if the noms are late.

I will be out of the office the week of 7/30 so please send your comments or question to Bradley Holmes or Ramona Betancourt.

Thanks 
Dale Ratliff

    		
Dale,
I need to know what is the schedule for the posting of the Unsubscribed. These are the times the cycles run. Do we run when these are complete? Should we post based on the confirmation time? Do we follow these times even if Noms is late?

Thanks,
Jeanne 

Evening Cycle: Runs at approximately 6:00 -  6:30 p.m and confirmations run at approximately 9:00p.m.
Intraday 1: Runs at approximately 10:00 - 10:30a.m. confirmations run at approximately 1:00p.m.
Intraday 2:  Runs at approximately 5:00 - 5:30 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 8:00p.m.
Timely:  Runs at approximately 11:30 a.m  - 12:05 p.m. confirmations run at approximately 3:30p.m.

	
	Donna, my portable PC I am using today is an IBM ThinkPad 600.  Please let
	me know if you need more info than that.  Thanks. Lynn

	Glen, do you want us to call you in your office?  Thanks. Lynn

Glen, I received your acceptance to the TW Imbalance mtg. for some reason when I sent the invitation it showed mtg. as being canceled so I am confirming that there will be a TW Imbalance Mtg. on Monday, September 17th at 3:30p.m-4:30p.m. in conference room EB3907.

Thanks,
Ava

	I talked to Lisa with ENW and told her I would pass her concern on to
	the regulatory and marketing group.  That seem to make her feel better
	anyway.  We are working with her and other customers as needed to
	help them through the Timely process for the first.  At this time we are
	not planning on extended the Timely deadline, but we will revisit that decision
	as we get closer to 11:30.  Thanks for everyones support and help.  Lynn

Lynn,

Trading gas for the first day of month is already a hectic if not absolutely crazy day.  Putting out the final posting of the fuel rates the day of trading is not acceptable.  Northern has one of the most complicated fuel matrices in the industry and expecting your customers to change those matrices the day of trading puts us in a very tough situation.  It will difficult at best to get you our nominations in a timely manner due to your decision.   Next time you decide to change fuel rates at least give us one day to implement the changes not two hours.

Lisa Kinsey
ENW -Central Logistics Manager

	Michele, just wanted to forward this to you and see if you would like to
	atten?  We would love to have you join us.  Thanks. Lynn

		
	There is a meeting scheduled for Wednesday, August 1, to reveiew how TW allocates
	through pools.  

	Ava - Please see if you can possible get us 4102 and let us know where we will be meeting.

	Ava - Please order food for 10 from Trebeards.  The combination red beans and rice and
	         shrimp et..... (don't know how to spell!!).  

	Ramona - Carla is most interested in allocations through pools on the receipt side of the
		    business.  Doesn't mean she won't ask about delivery.  Let's discuss.

	
	Thanks. Lynn		
	

	I will be on vacation, but Terry Kowalke and Steve January can cover for
	me.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Hope it all ended well.   We were pushed by Marketing to try for the Aug 1 date, and as a result the timing was extremely short for the FERC.  they did an excellent job working with us to get the order out.  Hopefully it won't again until the next time.   Thanks for all your patience and support.  By the way, I hear you are going on a cruise to Alaska?   Have a great time, you deserve it.    MK

	I talked to Lisa with ENW and told her I would pass her concern on to
	the regulatory and marketing group.  That seem to make her feel better
	anyway.  We are working with her and other customers as needed to
	help them through the Timely process for the first.  At this time we are
	not planning on extended the Timely deadline, but we will revisit that decision
	as we get closer to 11:30.  Thanks for everyones support and help.  Lynn

Lynn,

Trading gas for the first day of month is already a hectic if not absolutely crazy day.  Putting out the final posting of the fuel rates the day of trading is not acceptable.  Northern has one of the most complicated fuel matrices in the industry and expecting your customers to change those matrices the day of trading puts us in a very tough situation.  It will difficult at best to get you our nominations in a timely manner due to your decision.   Next time you decide to change fuel rates at least give us one day to implement the changes not two hours.

Lisa Kinsey
ENW -Central Logistics Manager

Toby, thanks for the way you sent this note to folks.  Lynn

FYI,

John,

I do not know who the rep is on this but you might want to pass this on.

Dennis,

You may need to change the extensions on the e-mail notification list for the people who request critical notices, scheduled cut notices etc...

Toby

As of August 1, 2001 Axia Energy, LP has changed its name to
Entergy-Koch Trading, LP (EKT).  The changing of our name will not
affect our business in any way, but will allow our trading and marketing
groups to have a clearer association with our parent companies.  Our
corporate structure and financial position will remain the same.  

In association, email addresses have changed.  Please use the following
format for addressing emails to Entergy-Koch Trading, LP.

first.last@entergykoch.com

Your email has been forwarded to the appropriate recipients, but please
make this change on all future correspondence.

	FYI. Are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn

Please review and let me know if you would like me to change anything you are not comfortable with before I send out to Virginia Power. (I am still waiting on the cities from Gas Control). Jo, you wanted me to get the Plainview South number from planning but see if the way I worded the reponse works.  I will get back to him separately on the fuel language response.

Thanks!

 

	Do you guys agree with Vernon's answers?  Thanks. Lynn

Please review and let me know if you would like me to change anything you are not comfortable with before I send out to Virginia Power. (I am still waiting on the cities from Gas Control). Jo, you wanted me to get the Plainview South number from planning but see if the way I worded the reponse works.  I will get back to him separately on the fuel language response.

Thanks!

 

    FYI.  Donna, I wanted to let you know this for budget purposes.
    I am still waiting to hear from South Central teams and TW.  Thanks. Lynn
 
I am the only person on the North Team that expects to utilize the tuition reimbursement for 2002.  Approximate costs and details are as follows:
 
Masters of Business Administration
Degree Completion: August 2002
18 Hours Remaining
Tuition = $5,130.00  ($285/Hour)
Books = $900.00
Total Cost = $6,030
 
Let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks.
 
 
Randy Bryan 
Market Services Representative 
Northern Natural Gas Company 
(713) 853-0438 

 

	Vernon, looks good to me.  I also had John and Terry review it to be sure we did not mislead 
	you.  They were fine as well.  Thanks. Lynn

Please review and let me know if you would like me to change anything you are not comfortable with before I send out to Virginia Power. (I am still waiting on the cities from Gas Control). Jo, you wanted me to get the Plainview South number from planning but see if the way I worded the reponse works.  I will get back to him separately on the fuel language response.

Thanks!

 << File: vepconotes.doc >> 

Enron is proud to be a part of CowParade Houston 2001.  This exciting public art event is designed to promote the arts and benefit the Building for Children capital campaign at Texas Children's Hospital and the Texas Children's Cancer Center. 
CowParade Houston 2001 will feature over 300 cow sculptures, which will be transformed into magnificent works of art and displayed all over Houston, September 6 through November 7.  Sotheby's will conduct the live auction on December 6, 2001 at the Wortham Theater Center in downtown Houston.
At Enron, we believe the most innovative ideas come from our employees and the CowParade Houston is no exception.  We would like to invite you to share your opinion with us regarding what to name our bovine friend.  Enron's cow is designed to represent the unique look of the Enron Center's reflective glass exterior.  Please keep in mind that all names submitted must conform to the CowParade's guidelines (no corporate logos or names) and should represent Enron's "Vision and Values."  
      Please click here to place your vote and share your ideas http://etcsurvey.corp.enron.com/wi/p0693081/i.asp 
E-mail community-relations@enron.com with any questions or comments. 

	
	Did you receive?

    Shelley, for Saturday's gas day the Socal window was approximately 653,000. We actually scheduled 615,674
    For Sunday's gas day the window started at 707,476 and ended at 645,892.  We actually scheduled 615,618
    Otherwise the weekend was quite.  I'll leave the schedules for Socal on your desk in case you want them.
   Thanks. Lynn

 
 ----Original Message-----
Stan has switched his staff meeting to 8 AM on Mondays effective tomorrow.  If you have any updates that I should report on -- would you drop me a quick email tomorrow morning by 7:45 AM. 
 
 

	Shelley, I thought I would pass this on to you.  It is not too often we get to pass on good comments.
	I will include this info in the year end reviews as well since we are still working on the report Ken refers
	to.  Also this is another example of why we need a business objects person in our group or connected
	with out group.  Thanks. Lynn

I wanted to let you know how thankful I am for the help I received from the TW scheduling group over the past couple of months as I've worked--and struggled--on the TW Daily Balancing Report. I have made repeated phone calls to Houston and have always received prompt and courteous attention from the group as I've tried to understand TMS and TW's systems and scheduling peculiarities. I have worked with Amy Mulligan, Cynthia Rivers, Linda Ward, Christine McEvoy and Bert Hernandez.

In particular, I felt impelled to let you know that Bert Hernandez has been especially helpful in my endeavours. Bert and I spent many hours on the phone discussing TW's scheduling intricacies. He has been very patient with me and always made himself available to me to answer my questions. He was able to discuss in great detail many TW transactions, including why and how transactions appear the way they do, and what the transactional data means. He even went so far as to ask other departments for explanations as questions arose, rather than referring me to someone else, and never failed to follow-up on a question I had.

In short, I could not have made the progress I have without Bert's help.

The report is still being finalized, but Marketing and Gas Control have already employed the report with great success in managing Transwestern pipeline activities. Incremental gas sales deals were done in June and July utilizing information from the report, and the Commercial Support and Financial Accounting groups are looking at the report for ways to employ it in their work.

Again, I just wanted to pass along to you that your team was instrumental in the development of the report, and I wanted to give them the appropriate recognition. I thought I'd better send this now as opposed to waiting for PEP, lest I forget. I also believe that good news shouldn't wait. We don't always hear enough of it!

Thanks again!

Ken Powers
(402) 398-7065

	Alfredo, Joe Hartsoe and Shelley Corman have asked Dannis Ballard and myself to
	work with you on Mr. Formaggio's visit to Enron.  If possible, we would prefer August 23/24
	for Mr Fomaggio's visit.  But, we certainly can made August 20/21 work if necessary.
	We look forward to meeting and visiting with Mr. Fomaggio.  Dannis and I will work on
	an agenda to cover the topics you listed below.  If you have any questions, please
	let Dannis or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 

Could you guys coordinate on covering this visit.  Alfredo Huertas is going to get back with us on the specific dates/time.
Shelley -- Are these dates good for your group to discuss and address the issues below?  Thanks for your help.  Joe

As per our phone conversation, please read below my message re. list of issues Mr. Formaggio would like to discuss with Enron's specialists. 

He has suggested 23/24 Aug as best choices, 20/21 Aug as second ones. 

I will appreciate if you can get back to me in the next two days if possible, as he needs to make some travelling arrangements.

Thanks.

a.

Alfredo --

I would think that it would be best to talk with (1) Joe Hartsoe in our DC office (Enron's P/L chief FERC regulatory guy) and either Becky Cantrell or Leslie Lawner from a shipper's perspective.  

Joe is in Houston every once in a while.  You may want to contact him directly.  Becky works from Houston.  Leslie has to come in from New Mexico.

Jim

Rick, as I mentioned to you last week, I would like you to help to organise the visit of two italian officials this summer. The first one is

- Mauro Formaggio (Director of Gas at the Italian Gas and Power Regulatory Authority)

I have a very good relationship with him and we have helped him in the past re. UK Gas Grid Code and other issues regarding gas TPA. He is now working on the TPA rules applicable to the Italian gas market, and he is asking if he could meet someone in Enron to understand more about the general operation of a big pipeline (despatching operation, commercial scheduling of transmission, nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as to the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities). Please, see this e-mail below. He has not yet decided the dates, but he is aiming at last week of August, for 1/2 days. 

I would suggest you could put me in touch with someone in our organisation who could help on this, and I would co-ordinate Formaggio's meeting.

Alfredo,
I'm scheduling a visit to the USA on the practice of TPA. in the month
of August.
The aspects I'm considering are:
- how OBAs are organized and how they are applied,
- the operation of hubs,
- the balancing penalties,
- the trading of capacity
- the general operation of a (big) pipeline
- the general operation of a state pipeline, and of a LDC
- the operation of a shipper
Please let me know whether you deem it feasible also a meeting with your
american colleagues on any of these items.
---
In the meantime I have arranged for a visit to a major shipper and trader, in Atlanta (on the access as it is seen and done by a shipper, on many pipelines and storages), and to another major shipper and producer in Houston (on the relationship with FERC and other regulatory authorities, as well as on the access practice).
A visit to a major pipeline would fit well in this framework. To my opinion, Northern would be all right. It should act as a model to what could also be arranged, with time, by big transmission operator(s) in our country. It could refer to the dispatching operation, and to the commercial scheduling of transmission, to the nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as to the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities. If possible, two days would be a proper duration.
I think you can consider me a relatively well informed person, so there would be no need of formal presentations. The opportunity to see real operations and to discuss with experts would be all right. 
In the past, when I was in Snam, I took the opportunity of keeping in touch with the developments in the Usa. So, I already have a relatively good general knowledge of the american system. Last time was some years ago, when I visited Transcanada, in Calgary, for a week (focusing on nomination and balancing). Among the pipelines I visited in the course of earlier years, there were EL Paso, PG&E, Northwestern and also Northern for a short visit.
Going to Omaha would not be a problem for me.
As for the period, it would be in the second half of August (because with september there would be a very heavy workload to do, here in Milano).
Thank you and best regards
Mauro

Dear Alfredo,
I'm finalizig this week the program for a visit in the USA for and updte
on TPA practice, there.
Among of meetings I'm going to arrange, it would be of interest a visit
at a major pipeline.
Northern seems to me a good example. Would you envisage it as a possible
example for me?
I would discuss the organization of dispatching, see the nomination and
balancing operation, the allocation of measurement, and other major
aspects of TPA implementation (including OBAs with interconnecting
pipelines) for transmission and storage.
I'm considering the end of August for such a visit. Owing to the extent
of the subjects, maybe two days would be appropriate.
Thank you and best regards
Mauro

    Maria, I wanted to follow up after discussions with you and Shelley, th=
e SoCal window is based on what SoCal=20
    is willing to confirm into their system for the day.  It does not neces=
sarily have anything to do with physical capacity at Needles.
    If you have any questions, please let us know.  Thanks.  Lynn
=20

Please look at the insert below and let me know if you believe it to be a r=
easonable description of the Socal windowing process from the customers' pe=
rspective

Looks ok to me, but make sure that Shelley also reviews as her group deals =
with the windowing issue.  =20

I'll defer to you guys on getting the specific words right, but it would be=
 great if we can get something like this.  Steve Harris needs to take a clo=
se look to make sure we are describing the windowing impacts correctly.  La=
wyers:  will a letter from Sid be admissable evidence under FERC evidence r=
ules?  We may need to ask them to have Scott sign it instead of their lawye=
r to assure admissability.  DF

Richardson has agreed to send us an additional writing regarding the other =
justifications for the volumetric negotiated rate.   Joe Koury asked me to =
email the insert to the letter.   Koury told me that he would reference the=
 July 26 order and the fact that the Commission has requested additional in=
formation as to why the shipper entered into the subject negotiated rate tr=
ansaction, with Scott Walker stating that in reviewing his previous respons=
es he would clarify by adding the following: =20

Insert: =20
 =20
Richardson Products proposed to share in a rate based on a daily spread as =
a volumetric rate because under that rate arrangement if the gas did not fl=
ow, Richardson was not obligated to pay Transwestern the rate.  Richardson =
desired to avoid the risk, under normal demand service, of having to pay th=
e rate if the gas did not flow.   The issue of whether the gas would flow w=
as a very real one at the California border (Needles delivery point) given =
the manner in which SoCalGas, the downstream party, confirms volumes for de=
livery with Transwestern.   Specifically, SoCalGas has a windowing procedur=
e whereby it limits the amount of gas that Transwestern can deliver into Ne=
edles based on SoCalGas' allocation procedures and the amount of available =
takeaway capacity at the delivery point. [True?]  Simply stated, if SoCalGa=
s did not confirm Richardson's nomination at the Needles delivery point, th=
e gas would not flow.    The negotiated rate, as opposed to the rate for no=
rmal demand service, allowed Richardson to avoid the risks associated with =
Richardson's gas not flowing due to SoCalGas's windowing procedure.  =20

 Pls. review and comment asap.   I promised Joe K.  I would get it to him t=
onight or first thing tomorrow because he will be out all next week and agr=
eed to take care of this matter this week.  Thanks, Maria

=09Rachel, congratulations,  this is a well deserved promotion.  Thanks. Ly=
nn

I am pleased to announce that effective August 1, Rachel Cady has been prom=
oted from Account Manager to Account Director.

Please join me in congratulating Rachel on her promotion.

Jack Boatman

	Shelley, I do not see the ladies name you mentioned on any of these emails.
	If you will forward it to me.  I will send her this note.  Thanks. Lynn

	Alfredo, Joe Hartsoe and Shelley Corman have asked Dannis Ballard and myself to
	work with you on Mr. Formaggio's visit to Enron.  If possible, we would prefer August 23/24
	for Mr Fomaggio's visit.  But, we certainly can made August 20/21 work if necessary.
	We look forward to meeting and visiting with Mr. Fomaggio.  Dannis and I will work on
	an agenda to cover the topics you listed below.  If you have any questions, please
	let Dannis or I know.  Thanks. Lynn 

Could you guys coordinate on covering this visit.  Alfredo Huertas is going to get back with us on the specific dates/time.
Shelley -- Are these dates good for your group to discuss and address the issues below?  Thanks for your help.  Joe

As per our phone conversation, please read below my message re. list of issues Mr. Formaggio would like to discuss with Enron's specialists. 

He has suggested 23/24 Aug as best choices, 20/21 Aug as second ones. 

I will appreciate if you can get back to me in the next two days if possible, as he needs to make some travelling arrangements.

Thanks.

a.

Alfredo --

I would think that it would be best to talk with (1) Joe Hartsoe in our DC office (Enron's P/L chief FERC regulatory guy) and either Becky Cantrell or Leslie Lawner from a shipper's perspective.  

Joe is in Houston every once in a while.  You may want to contact him directly.  Becky works from Houston.  Leslie has to come in from New Mexico.

Jim

Rick, as I mentioned to you last week, I would like you to help to organise the visit of two italian officials this summer. The first one is

- Mauro Formaggio (Director of Gas at the Italian Gas and Power Regulatory Authority)

I have a very good relationship with him and we have helped him in the past re. UK Gas Grid Code and other issues regarding gas TPA. He is now working on the TPA rules applicable to the Italian gas market, and he is asking if he could meet someone in Enron to understand more about the general operation of a big pipeline (despatching operation, commercial scheduling of transmission, nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as to the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities). Please, see this e-mail below. He has not yet decided the dates, but he is aiming at last week of August, for 1/2 days. 

I would suggest you could put me in touch with someone in our organisation who could help on this, and I would co-ordinate Formaggio's meeting.

Alfredo,
I'm scheduling a visit to the USA on the practice of TPA. in the month
of August.
The aspects I'm considering are:
- how OBAs are organized and how they are applied,
- the operation of hubs,
- the balancing penalties,
- the trading of capacity
- the general operation of a (big) pipeline
- the general operation of a state pipeline, and of a LDC
- the operation of a shipper
Please let me know whether you deem it feasible also a meeting with your
american colleagues on any of these items.
---
In the meantime I have arranged for a visit to a major shipper and trader, in Atlanta (on the access as it is seen and done by a shipper, on many pipelines and storages), and to another major shipper and producer in Houston (on the relationship with FERC and other regulatory authorities, as well as on the access practice).
A visit to a major pipeline would fit well in this framework. To my opinion, Northern would be all right. It should act as a model to what could also be arranged, with time, by big transmission operator(s) in our country. It could refer to the dispatching operation, and to the commercial scheduling of transmission, to the nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as to the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities. If possible, two days would be a proper duration.
I think you can consider me a relatively well informed person, so there would be no need of formal presentations. The opportunity to see real operations and to discuss with experts would be all right. 
In the past, when I was in Snam, I took the opportunity of keeping in touch with the developments in the Usa. So, I already have a relatively good general knowledge of the american system. Last time was some years ago, when I visited Transcanada, in Calgary, for a week (focusing on nomination and balancing). Among the pipelines I visited in the course of earlier years, there were EL Paso, PG&E, Northwestern and also Northern for a short visit.
Going to Omaha would not be a problem for me.
As for the period, it would be in the second half of August (because with september there would be a very heavy workload to do, here in Milano).
Thank you and best regards
Mauro

Dear Alfredo,
I'm finalizig this week the program for a visit in the USA for and updte
on TPA practice, there.
Among of meetings I'm going to arrange, it would be of interest a visit
at a major pipeline.
Northern seems to me a good example. Would you envisage it as a possible
example for me?
I would discuss the organization of dispatching, see the nomination and
balancing operation, the allocation of measurement, and other major
aspects of TPA implementation (including OBAs with interconnecting
pipelines) for transmission and storage.
I'm considering the end of August for such a visit. Owing to the extent
of the subjects, maybe two days would be appropriate.
Thank you and best regards
Mauro

	
	Donna, I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they
	are out of town.  Please put them on the list. Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Please have your presentations for the NNG Winter Ops meeting sent to Debbie Moore, who is in Gina Taylor's shop, by August 20th. Debbie will then put all the presentations in the same format. We want to be able to make copies here in Houston and ship to Kansas City rather than pay Kinko's up there to make copies which is very expensive. Your co-operation is appreciated. thanks. sj

	TK and I haev reviewd and agree with the statement.  Thanks. Lynn

Pl. comment asap on the revised letter incorporating comments received so far.  Joe Koury wants to send to Scott Walker first thing tomorrow a.m.  Thanks, Maria

 << File: 1005-001-735.doc >> 

Ricki, I do not have anything.  Thanks. Lynn

If you have anything you would like for me to include in the packet I will be sending to Shelley, please let me know.  Also, I will be leaving at 3:00 today for a doctors appointment.
 
Thank you,
Ricki
 
Ricki,
 
Could you please send a package to my house this afternoon of the weekly reports, the gas dailys for the week and any other mail that I can catch up on the weekend.

    TK, I saw this after you left.  See what your thoughts are?  Thanks. Lynn
Maria,
 
I think the revised paragraph focuses on the wrong point.   The lack of take-away capacity alone wouldn't make a firm customer prefer a volumetric rate.  It's the problem of not knowing from day to day whether such firm transportation will be confirmed at the border (i.e. the windowing procedure).  
 
My feeling is that the desire for a volumetric rate isn't driven by capacity, but by transactional uncertainty.  
 
I would suggest that we use the orginal paragraph -- but drop the discussion of takeaway capacity and focus on the window procedure.
 

Pl. comment asap on the revised letter incorporating comments received so far.  Joe Koury wants to send to Scott Walker first thing tomorrow a.m.  Thanks, Maria

<<1005-001-735.doc>> 

	Terry, I agree.  Let's let them know.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
Christine is putting an agenda together for the BP Amoco meeting. The question came up, can we disclose to BP that we are in the process of changing when we allocate? Please let me know. My thoughts are, yes. Thank you. Terry Kowalke

We will have a preliminary meeting Tuesday 9/18 to discuss the agenda for the lunch meeting with BP.  We will meet in 4194 from 3-3:30.

The lunch meeting with BP will be Wed 9/19 from 12-2 in 4102.  We are waiting to hear from BP regarding topics of discussion and attendees.

See y'all then!
Amy

	Thought you might be interested in seeing this for fun.  Have a great day.  Lynn

Tropical Storm Barry weakened overnight but still remains a tropical storm.  We have been coordinating with Gary Fitch of Enron Aviation and agree that the potential affect of this storm on the Houston area would not be until early next week.  I've again attached several images taken from the National Hurricane Center.  Jean McFarland and I will continue to monitor the storm throughout the weekend and will notify appropriate personel of any changes.
Thanks,
Bob and Jean

  
 
WTNT33 KNHC 030837
TCPAT3
BULLETIN
TROPICAL STORM BARRY ADVISORY NUMBER 4
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE MIAMI FL
4 AM CDT FRI AUG 03 2001
 
...BARRY POORLY ORGANIZED... 

SMALL CRAFT SHOULD REMAIN IN PORT FROM THE ATCHAFALAYA RIVER
LOUISIANA TO DESTIN FLORIDA.  WATCHES OR WARNING MAY BE REQUIRED
FOR PORTIONS OF THE NORTHERN GULF COAST LATER TODAY.

AT 4 AM CDT...0900Z...THE CENTER OF POORLY ORGANIZED TROPICAL STORM
BARRY WAS LOCATED NEAR LATITUDE 26.8 NORTH...LONGITUDE 86.6 WEST OR 
ABOUT 225 MILES...SOUTHEAST OF THE MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
 
BARRY HAS BEEN MOVING WESTWARD DURING THE PAST FEW HOURS BUT IS 
EXPECTED TO RESUME A WEST-NORTHWEST TRACK NEAR 7 MPH TODAY.
 
MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS HAVE DECREASED TO NEAR 40 MPH WITH HIGHER
GUSTS.  ANOTHER RECONNAISSANCE PLANE WILL CHECK THE INTENSITY IN A
FEW HOURS.  LITTLE CHANGE IN STRENGTH IS FORECAST.

WINDS AND SEAS WILL GRADUALLY INCREASE TODAY ACROSS THE NORTH
CENTRAL GULF OF MEXICO AND SOME COASTAL FLOODING MAY OCCUR OVER
PORTIONS OF SOUTHEAST LOUISIANA.  SEE STATEMENTS FROM LOCAL NATIONAL
WEATHER SERVICE OFFICES FOR MORE INFORMATION.

TROPICAL STORM FORCE WINDS EXTEND OUTWARD UP TO 105 MILES TO THE 
NORTHEAST OF THE CENTER. 

ESTIMATED MINIMUM CENTRAL PRESSURE IS 1008 MB...29.77 INCHES.

LOCALLY HEAVY RAINFALL OF 3 TO 5 INCHES IS POSSIBLE OVER 
PORTIONS OF CENTRAL AND SOUTH FLORIDA TODAY.

ISOLATED TORNADOES ARE POSSIBLE ALONG THE SOUTHWEST FLORIDA COAST
TODAY. 
 
REPEATING THE 4 AM CDT POSITION...26.8 N... 86.6 W.  MOVEMENT
TOWARD...WEST NORTHWEST NEAR 7 MPH.  MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS...
40 MPH.  MINIMUM CENTRAL PRESSURE...1008 MB.
 
THE NEXT ADVISORY WILL BE ISSUED BY THE NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER AT
10 AM CDT.

FORECASTER AVILA

	
	Shelley, while I am on vacation John is working on two presentations for me.

	1.  NNG Winter Ops Mtg -

		a.  Start pulling together enhancements, LFT, Reverse Auction, 
		     team pictures, etc.

		b.  Customer hot buttons for marketing and Customer Service - John
		     will talk to teams to get ideas.  We will pass on to Dave Neubauer
		     all marketing issues.

		c.  John will work with Debbie Moore as we finalize the presentation.

	2.  Italian Visitor - 

		a.  John is modifying an existing presentation we have used for international
		     visitors.  

		b.  John will work with Debbie Moore to finalize presentation the week of Aug. 20th.

	Shelley and Steve, let John know of any questions or concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	In talking with Delaine today, the date has changed for Oneok to come to Houston.
	They are now looking at August 27 or 28th.  

	Mary, does that work for you at all?

	Is everyone in the office those two days? 

	I will be in the office Monday morning, August 6, so let me know and then I will
	coordinate with Delaine.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Raetta, how come these guys did not have access to SAP?  Just curious.  Thanks. Lynn

Vince, recently we found out that some of the people in our group (ETS Logistics - located on the 41st floor) do not have access to SAP - we called the SAP Help Desk and they directed us to fill out the proper forms and at the same time told us that it would take about 10 days to 2 weeks for us to get that access.  I was wondering if there is any way that we could get that sooner than the 10 days to 2 weeks. The people that recently sent in those forms are Joe Linhart, Harry Woodson, Randy Janzen and Jacob Conklin.  Please let me know what you might be able to do to accomodate us - we really need to get into SAP as soon as possible.

Thanks so much for your help,

Raetta Zadow
Accounting Coordinator - Northern Natural Gas

	Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access.  Thanks. Lynn Blair

Randy Janzen is requesting access to the below role(s) and its pending your approval.  Please email your response to SAP Security.  If you have any questions, please let me know.

FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
   1. Add FN AR Accounts Receivable Management-ETS

User's Current Access:
Std End-User profile for basis and prntg
HR EMployee ESS CATS Enterprise HR
FN FI Consolidated Viewer-ETS

Thank you,
ISC SAP Security (Eva)

The following request information was recently submitted...

REQUESTOR INFORMATION:

   Business Unit:                ETS
   Cost Center:                  111367
   Company Code:                 179
   Business Unit for Roles:      ETS
   SAP ID:                       p00504038

GENERAL INFORMATION:

   Supervisor:                   Lynn Blair
   Supervisor Telephone Number:  713-853-7637
   Employee Name (Last,First,M): Janzen, Randy, B
   Employee Location:            EB4130F
   Employee Telephone Number:    713-853-5962
   Employee Email Address:       randy.janzen@enron.com
   Job Title:                    Gas Logistics Representative
   SAP User Type:                Enron Employee

   Business Reason:              
   Need to print financial reports concerning Accounts
   Receivable for customers.

VIEWER ROLES:
   No roles in this area were selected.

FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
   1. Add FN AR Accounts Receivable Management 

PROJECT SYSTEM ROLES:
   No roles in this area were selected.

JOINT VENTURE ROLES:
   No roles in this area were selected.

MATERIALS MANAGEMENT / PURCHASING ROLES:
   No roles in this area were selected.

CENTRALIZED ROLES (LIMITED TO SPECIFIC PERSONNEL):
   No roles in this area were selected.

HUMAN RESOURCES (HR PERSONNEL ONLY):
   No roles in this area were selected.

HUMAN RESOURCES - TIMEKEEPERS:
   No roles in this area were selected.

HUMAN RESOURCES - BENEFITS (BENEFITS PERSONNEL ONLY):
   No roles in this area were selected.

HUMAN RESOURCES - PAYROLL (PAYROLL PERSONNEL ONLY):
   No roles in this area were selected.

	
	I would like to remind everyone it is very critical that we send out accurate
	invoices to our customers.  It is our responsibility to review the reports
	ahead of time (Measurement, Preliminaries, etc).  I feel very strongly 
	that we should NOT be taking comp days on critical accounting days.
	As I have stated in previous memos this is mainly, reservation close day,
	the day before commodity close and commodity close day.  

	You should also be considerate of your team when scheduling vacation
	around these days and ensure you have SPECIFIED proper back up.
	It is still your responsibility to ensure your invoices are properly reviewed
	and sent out whether you are in the office or not.

	If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

Toby, I wanted to be sure you saw this.  Thanks. Lynn

Re: Customer Survey #2

We at Enron Transportation Services recognize the opportunity to improve ou=
r websites in areas of navigation, access to information and "look and feel=
". In survey # 1, you let us know your thoughts on the HotTap home page. In=
 this our second survey, three questions will be asked to solicit your inpu=
t on each companies individual homepages and informational postings website=
s you do business on.=20

Again, thank you in advance, for taking the time to complete each question.=
 Your feedback and ideas are important to ETS.=20

To access survey please go to this url address: , <http://www.hottap.enron.=
com/>

If you have any questions please call 402-398-7745  , Robert Bryan=20

	Randy, that is great.  Keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn

That is good news Randy.  It's comforting when we hear that we are in good health.

I have good news, finally!  The Cardiologist says everything with Linda's heart is within normal limits.  There are some criteria that are close to being out of the normal range, so he is going to run some other tests to create a baseline and is going to monitor her annually.  The Cardiologist concurred with her primary care doctor that the anemia, along with the post-surgerical complications she experienced probably caused the heart palputations. 

Randy

Alma, John Buchanan will be attending in my place.  Please send him
a request to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	I will be out of the office August 6 thru August 17th.  In my absence you can contact the
	following people:

	Scheduling Issues - John Buchanan
			     Terry Kowalke

	Gas Accounting Issues - Larry Berger
			             Raetta Zadow
				 Rick Dietz

	Operational Issues - Gary Spraggins
			      Darrell Schoolcraft
			      Steve January

	System Issues - Please go through John or Terry.  If they are not available, contact Brad Holmes

	If you need a Director for signatures: Rick Dietz and Steve January will be available.
		
	Have a great two weeks.  I will be thinking of all of you while I am on vacation!!!!!!

	Thanks. Lynn

	Since we are all moving at different times, we have declared this week to be "causal week"
	to accomodate cleaning out files, desk, etc.  

	The more we clean out now, the easier it will be to move to our final destination.

	We appreciate everyone's efforts to accomodate the move as best we can.
	Please let Donna, Sheila, Rick, Steve, Brad or I know if you have any questions.

	Thanks. Lynn

	John, this was my original message.  so you can modify and resend.  Thanks. Lynn

	Yes Lynn I will plan to be in Houston Monday and Tuesday,  Let me know if you think I should stay longer.

	
	In talking with Delaine today, the date has changed for Oneok to come to Houston.
	They are now looking at August 27 or 28th.  

	Mary, does that work for you at all?

	Is everyone in the office those two days? 

	I will be in the office Monday morning, August 6, so let me know and then I will
	coordinate with Delaine.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Fran, please update Leonards Review with the attached comments.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached are the comments I would like to add to my 2001 Midyear review.

Thanks,                        << File: Review.doc >> 

Leonard x35554
Volume Management Accounting

	Steve, I thought you might be interested in this meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

Please plan to attend a meeting on Tuesday, August 21st from 2:30 to 4:30 in 49C2 (video) to discuss the letter TW received recently concerning our 637 filing.  If you have not seen a copy of the brief letter, dated August 8, 2001, it reads as follows:

	"On August 15, 2000, Transwestern Pipeline Company (Transwestern) filed pro forma tariff sheets in Docket No. RP00-490-000 in compliance with Order No. 637.  Protests were filed in this proceeding.  Transwestern and its customers have been meeting to attempt to resolve some of the issues raised in the protests.  Staff understands that Transwestern may file revised pro forma tariff sheets if there is agreement with its customers on the matters at issue.

	Accordingly, you are encouraged to finalize discussions with your customers and file any revised pro forma tariff sheets in the near future.  Otherwise, Staff will proceed to process your filing based on the pro forma tariff sheets submitted on August 15, 2000."

We would like to discuss our strategy in response to this letter.

Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

I will be here, Mike don't forget to give your daughter all the good advice a father should ( all men are dogs).

JWB

Hey guys....I need to take vacation on August 23rd & 24th. I will be taking, what's become, my semi-annual pilgrimage to Aggieland. I'll be moving Daughter No. 2 into her new swingin' college apartment. 

If all goes right I can get everything transported and moved in on Thursday....which will give my body three days - Friday, Saturday and Sunday to recover from the ordeal.  

Any problems?

	Mike, FYI.  Also, would you please follow up with Gerry and be sure we will have this
	fix in by September 1.  Thanks. Lynn

Thanks for getting this change in place.  Reyna is right that we do need this allocation change in place by September 1.

Sue

Gerry,

Per your request, this is a reminder to a conversation we had regarding the priority of SBA shippers at a given point during the allocation of that point.  It was discussed  and agreed that SBA shippers trying to pack/peak the system should be given priority over Alternate and Interruptible during an allocation.  

In September, we will resume the Pack & Draft activity and it would be helpful to have this procedure  in place.  Let me know if there is any other information that you need.

Thank you for your help in this matter.

Reyna Cabrera
(713) 853-3072

	John and Terry, what kind of training are we going to give the teams to be sure
	they understand how to use CAS?  Thanks. Lynn

Please give the following personnel access to CAS for operational capacity changes.

Adams, Jean
Benningfield, Robert
Blair, Jean
Bryan, Randy
Buchanan, John
Callans, Nancy
Carr, James
Clapper, Karen
Dykes, Tangie
Forbish, Sherry
Greany, Chris
Hibbard, Scott
January, Steve
Janzen, Randy
Kowalke, Terry
Laferla, Laverla
Linhart, Joe
McDaniels, Janet
Perry, Renee
Porter, Diana
Schoolcraft, Darrell
Scurlock, Debra
Sturr, Kathy
Walden, Shirley
Ward, Linda
Washington, Kathy
Wilkens, Jerry
Woodson, Harry

John, are we suppose to put together a handout for the morning meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

See Attached for the notes I took during Brads meeting on the Marketing meeting in Omaha August 28th. There will be a follow up meeting this Wednesday. 

 << File: Marketing Meeting A.doc >> 

John Buchanan

	John, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Dear All

Thank you very much for agreeing to meet with Mauro Formaggio during his visit to Enron in Houston on 23 & 24 August.

As Alfredo wrote in previous e-mails:

"Mr Formaggio is a very precious contact at the Italian Energy Authority, and he is very much involved in the drafting of regulations regarding third party access to pipelines, and despatch/operational rules for transcos. He expects to learn from us about the general operation of a big pipeline (despatching operation, commercial scheduling of transmission, nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities)."

Mr Formaggio anticipates being available all day on Thursday 23rd and Friday 24th so I hope you might be able to find some time to meet with him on those days.  Perhaps if you asked your respective assistants to let me know times that do NOT suit you on those dates & how long you think it will appropriate for you to meet with him, I can draw up a schedule?

Joe - I cannot discern from previous e-mails whether you will be in Houston on 23 & 24 August & if you are, whether you will have time to see Mr Formaggio?

Thank you & regards
Amber Keenan
Government and Regulatory Affairs
ph: +44 (0)20 7783 7318
fax: +44 (0)20 7783 8420
mob: +44 (0)7768 942 520
e-mail: amber.keenan@enron.com

Dear Mr Formaggio

Sorry for taking so long to communicate with you about your trip to Houston later this month.

The dates of 23 and 24 August suit the relevant people at Enron in Houston so I trust that those dates are still convenient for you?

The people with whom I am in the process of confirming meetings are as follows:

1. 	Joe Hartsoe, Vice President, Regulatory & Legislative Affairs
	Joe is our FERC expert.  He works out of our Washington, DC office but I am hoping that he may be able to travel to 
	Houston to meet with you.

2. 	Rebecca Cantrell or Leslie Lawner, Directors, Regulatory Affairs 
	Either of these two women can give you a shipping perspective so I will arrange for you to meet one of them.

3. 	Dannis Bellard, Gas Control
	Dannis will give you a gas control tour

4. 	Lynn Blair, Director, Customer Services
	Lynn will discuss transportation, scheduling, OBA, TPA matter with you.
	
5. 	Shelley Corman, Gas Logistics and Communications
	Shelley heads up the Gas Logistics group & she will make to meet with you.

I will confirm the meetings once I know when you are arriving and departing Houston.

Please let me know if you need assistance booking flights, airport transfers & a hotel in Houston - Enron has corporate rates with two hotels within walking distance to the Enron building so do let me know if you would like me to make any reservations on your behalf.

Please also let me know if you have any questions.
Regards
Amber Keenan
Government and Regulatory Affairs
ph: +44 (0)20 7783 7318
fax: +44 (0)20 7783 8420
mob: +44 (0)7768 942 520
e-mail: amber.keenan@enron.com

Mauro. Please find attached the details of Amber Keenan, my assistant. I am leaving on vacation on 2nd Aug, so you should liase with her in order to get the details of your visit. 

Amber. I already talked to Joe Hartsoe, and they are happy to meet Formaggio (please, read my previous e-mail). Joe is trying to get hold of Shelley to find a suitable time within the dates suggested by Formaggio.

a.

Dear Alfredo,
a tentative schedule for the visit to Northern (or other major pipeline) would be for me the 23 and 24 of August (Thursday and Friday).
Alternatively, the 20 and 21 of August (Monday and Tuesday of the same week).
I will be on holiday for the next two weeks.
You can contact me on the usual e-mail.
I'm not completely sure of the access from a remote site, so please note also my personal e-mail:
mauro.for@tin.it 
and GSM +39 348 5175095
Thank you for the assistance, and best regards
Mauro

	John, did you ever get any information on this?  This may be part of our presentation.
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn has requested I gather a list of the system enhancements EST Gas Logistics has implemented since September 2000 for the upcoming Customer meeting in Sept.
 Gerry or Maggie can you provide me with a list of enhancements that have been implemented?

Thanks: John Buchanan 

	Shawn, it was good to hear from you.  Sorry it has taken so long to answer.  I will certainly
	look at the possibility of Robert being at the customer meeting.  I appreciate your comments.
	I am glad Shawn is going to be able to attend.  Have a good week.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Do you think it's possible for Robert to attend the Winter Ops Meeting in
KC this September?

I think it would be very valuable for both Shawn Amaya and Robert to spend
time together at the meeting just as I found it very valuable when I was
the Operations Rep for NNG a few years ago.  Not only is the Ops Meeting
structured and informative, it is also a great way to improve current ties
and create new relationships.

Please let me know what you think.

Thanks,

Shawn Davis
713 989 0904
sedavis@duke-energy.com

                    Shawn Amaya
I am planning to attend the NNG Winter Ops Meeting the second week of
September as we discussed.  However, my NNG rep Robert Benningfield informs
me that he and other reps might not be allowed to attend.  This was the
same case as last year.  Since I interact with my reps on a daily basis,
they are the ones familiar with our business and our operational concerns.
I think that it would be beneficial to us for him and other reps to attend
as they would be able to provide insight to the proceedings as they pertain
to our business.  We are investing time and money to attend these meetings
each year.  I think we should make sure that we get the most return out of
them.  Let me know if you can contact your counterpart at NNG to voice our
interest?

Thanks.

Shawn

	
	Due to all the teams being on different floors, I am very concerned about coverage
	by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs.

	Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March, 2002.

		Terry concentrates on all TW issues and testing since he will be on 13 with the team.

		John concentrates on NNG North end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team

		Mike concentrates on NNG South end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team

	As each of you are on vacation, then the other 2 will cover your area.

		Another option is to have Larry and Raetta help out with the NNG teams during this time frame

	Let's discuss on Wednesday after you have had a day to think about this.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ronnie, I just got back from vacation and wanted to follow up on the discussion below.
	Have you heard back from Jerry?  Do you need me to try calling Delaine again?  Thanks. Lynn

Randy,

I have spoken with several contacts at OneOk in the recent past. Just this morning I talked with a Jerry Knight who works together with Delaine Kurth and he is supposed to let me know how the billing, etc. is being handled by WEGO.
Last week Lynn Blair talked with Delaine to see what could be done with the situation of WEGO hauling the so-called water (water is being marked as the substance being hauled on the run tickets, but we have done analysis from two lacations and have found it primarily condensate) from the locations at the Sublette Plant and the Morton Co. #1 dehys. If OneOk is not receiving the revenue from this condensate, then in turn ETS does not receive the BTU replacements for the gas for UAF purposes as our contract states.
We have resolved the issue that was occuring in the same fashion at the Mt. Jesus station and are now being reimbursed by OneOk for this location's BTU replacements. I do not know if they changed trucking services or what, but it has been taken care of.
As far as setting up a face to face meeting with OneOk, that will be determined from OneOk's response to their findings through WEGO and their practices in hauling from these two points.
I will keep you updated as I am informed.

RB

   

I am presently working with Ronnie Brickman regarding resolving this issue. Ronnie has been in contact with Oneok and is attempting to set up a face to face meeting with them. I have asked the Admin. Team to provide me all WEGO bills which have occured in 2001.  I will keep you posted as to the stauts of this effort. 

RH 

Mike, 

FYI Randy Howard is looking into this as well as other liquids issues in the Region.

Thanks for the alert and I am sure Randy will be asking for your help.

LD

It has come to light, by way of a Wego driver, that Enron has been billed for the liquids that were produced from Oneok facilities.  After further discussion it was discovered that the Hugoton plant as well as some field locations in the Liberal Region are also being billed to Enron instead of Oneok.  This problem may need to be investigated further and a plan to correct this implemented.  Let me know if I can be of further assistance.

Respectfully,
Mike Burnam
Sublette Team

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

	Mike, thanks for the update.  I have a couple of questions/comments:

	1.  Is Legal and Regulatory in the loop on these decisions?

	2.  Anything we can automate, I would like to ensure we have the automation on the enhancement
	     list.  I like the idea of automating the last bullet.  I am not sure if it is in CMS or elsewhere, but
	     I would like to be sure we pursue this automation.
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
Below is a list of issues that were raised at the meeting held w/ Gerry and Reyna (attended by John and I) ......As far as I know, we haven't yet heard back from Sue regarding the issues raised.

....Immediately below is LT's response to adding a "hook" in CMS that would distinguish ITs associated with SBA activity from other IT agreements....

More as it develops! 

I don't have a problem adding a subtype on the IT's of SBA.  I'm not sure I understand your last bullet. Can you give me more info.

LT

Sue, 
During the meeting today with Gerry to discuss the SBA priority during allocations, some of the following issues came up:  (Gerry, correct me if I misunderstood anything)

If we ever call an SBA to bring in gas after the timely cycle, do we still want them to have priority over Alternate and Interruptible? (my opinion is no, they should only have this priority during the timely cycle).
If the SBAs bring in gas at a secondary point, do we still want them to have priority over Alternate and Interruptible?  (my opinion is no, they should only have this priority at Primary Points).
Are we aware that an Alternate shipper who has flowing rights from the previous day might get "squeezed" out of the same entitlement on a day that an SBA shipper is given priority over Alternate?  Might have some mad shippers.
How will SBA volumes be posted on the EBB if there is an allocation: Interruptible???
Because the current methodology for allocation is based on a "point", they don't follow the downstream, will the IT contracts currently being used have to be identified through the contracts department as "SBA IT"?
This is for the future contracts system:  Should we ask that the new contract system to automate all the manual processes of the SBAs such as account balance and carryover days in order for the system to be able to validate this criteria?

Reyna Cabrera
(713) 853-3072

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the summary of our filing position and proposals for tariff and service revisions and a summary of protests for review prior to our discussions on Tuesday.  gh

       
Do either of you have info concerning the intervenors/protestors and their issues that could be distributed electronically before next Tuesday?  Glen, maybe you could also distribute you summary of TW's filing with that info.

Lindy - Is there a way for someone to compile a list of shippers who protested and intervened in our compliance filing and what the issues are prior to this meeting?

Please plan to attend a meeting on Tuesday, August 21st from 2:30 to 4:30 in 49C2 (video) to discuss the letter TW received recently concerning our 637 filing.  If you have not seen a copy of the brief letter, dated August 8, 2001, it reads as follows:

	"On August 15, 2000, Transwestern Pipeline Company (Transwestern) filed pro forma tariff sheets in Docket No. RP00-490-000 in compliance with Order No. 637.  Protests were filed in this proceeding.  Transwestern and its customers have been meeting to attempt to resolve some of the issues raised in the protests.  Staff understands that Transwestern may file revised pro forma tariff sheets if there is agreement with its customers on the matters at issue.

	Accordingly, you are encouraged to finalize discussions with your customers and file any revised pro forma tariff sheets in the near future.  Otherwise, Staff will proceed to process your filing based on the pro forma tariff sheets submitted on August 15, 2000."

We would like to discuss our strategy in response to this letter.

	Ava, please be sure this is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

NNG's next monthly Accounting meeting will be on:

Monday, Aug 27
EB 40c2
1:30 - 2:30

If you are not able to attend, a representative from your team needs to attend in your place.

See me if you have questions.

Larry

	Ava, no problem.  Just remind me.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI:  Lynn, I have scheduled a lunch with South Shore Harbour for Thursday, August 23rd for a tour of there facilities, so I will be out of office for about 2 hours that day.  Is that okay?

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

 Kermit Turbine station and KB-line outage has been scheduled for Tuesday, Sept. 11th. We are planning for a 24 hour outage and it will be posted as a 24 hour shut-in, but if everything goes as planned operations could possibly be ready to go back in-service after 12 to 14 hours. The 30" KB-line mainline block valve 7 miles north of Kermit will be shut and line blown down. This will not affect the El Paso Keystone interconnect.  Based on current flows in the Kermit to Gomez subsystem  it would affect about 375,000 MMBTU.in deliveries and 25,000 mmbtu in receipts ( Sid Richardson)

The following points will be shut-in during this time:

          POI.
  62873 - Sid Richardson rec.
  60749- TW Halley del.
  36175- Valero Ward del.
  152 -Westar Reeves del.
   2230- Coronado
  164- Norval
  57100- El Paso Waha
  62148- Oasis

 Please give  me a call if you have any questions.

Gary

	I talked with Gary Anderson and he has assured my this fix will be done before August production
	close.  As far as the "sum station" issue, they have it as an high priority.  He was not sure they
	would have it fixed by August close by should have it by September close.  Raetta if you hear anything
	different, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

I spoke with the software vendor today about the rounding issue that is high on everyone's radar screen. This request  is a work in progress, and once completed and tested, will be added to our application. I have also strongly expressed our need, want  and desire to have this accomplished before closing the August business. All indications to date are that this will be implemented prior to close. In the event that unforeseen circumstances prevent this from happening, I will let you know.
Thanks-
Gary  

Gary, was wondering if you could let us know when these volumes will be corrected because of the rounding.  As I'm sure you know, we are starting to get more calls from our customers and we would like to reassure them that this problem will be corrected soon.

Thanks,

Raetta

Chris,
Gary Anderson has implemented a change request for reporting volumes to the customer. The requested change would have the volume statements round the same as the daily extract files.
There won't be adjustments made for the June volumes, instead, when the change goes in, the volume statements in June will reflect the rounded volume.
I don't know the exact time estimate for this change but it won't be in before the July close. You will be hearing more about this in the future.
Thanks to ya'll for being so patient with us.
Jeff

Gary,
I hope I have stated this correctly and if you have any comments they would be greatly appreciated.

Jeff,

Last month  after our Commodity close NNG has had customers calling with differences in the volumes we reported verses the volumes that Gas Measurement reported for the month of June 2001.  I think you are aware there  is a rounding issue with the volumes due to the decimals in the new PGAS system.  I don't know if this problem has been resolved or not but since July's close is quickly approaching I was wondering if you could give me the status on this problem and also if there will be adjustments made to the June volumes in PGAS to reflect the same volumes that we reported to our Customers? We appreciate all the efforts that you and Gas Measurement have made to make this transition period as smooth as possible,  thanks  for your assistance and I'm looking forward to hearing from you.

Chris Greaney 

	Raetta, if we could have an update before I go to Omaha next Monday I would appreicate it.
	We are meeting with Marketing and the new morning report format is one of the topics.
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, Phylis is currently working to find out if this information is available and where it is located so that it can be pulled into the morning Gas Control Meeting report.  If you have any questions, please let me know.

Thanks,

Raetta

Raetta,
Can you provide an update for Lynn.

Thanks: John Buchanan

Per our conversation over the last few weeks, Gas Logistics needs the following imbalance information.  Please work with Raetta to establish an appropriate priority for this effort.

As of Date
Point Number
Volume Imbalance life to date

Data in a file on an Adhoc server.

u Don Powell
Manager Business Information
E-mail: Don.Powell@enron.com
n Enron Transportation Services
phone: 713-853-5801
fax: 713-646-8000
Web: <http://www.enron.com> 

	
	The accounting/Market Service SGA conference is being held this year in
	New Orleans on September 26 - 28.  I would like for each team to pick a
	candidate to attend this meeting.  If you attended last year, it would be
	good to give someone else an opportunity this year to attend.

	A few of the highlights of the conference are:
		Internet Billing presentation and discussion
		Presentation on electric deregulation
		Natural Gas Prices
		Challenges and issues for electric scheduling and accounting

	Please let me know who you candidate will be by Monday, August 27.
	If you have any questions about the conference, you can give me, Larry or
	Raetta a call.

	Thanks. Lynn
	

	
	Fran, here is the draft we worked on today.  Thanks. Lynn

		 

	Dale, what is the status of your research on this project.  Were we able to get
	to a zone level?  Thanks. Lynn	

 << File: temp1.XLS >> 
The attached file shows scheduled volumes delivered to the following zone points for the gas day 7/17/2001.  The attached file contains 11 worksheets
MidAm ABC
Iowa Electric D
Minnegasco EF
UCU ABC
UCU D
UCU EF
WISC GAS D
WISC GAS EF
NSP MN EF
NSP WISC EF
Interstate Pwr D

I searched a master point list by name but was unable to find poi numbers for zones:  Alliant D or EF, NWPS ABC, MUD ABC, and MidAm D.
Let me know if you have the point numbers for these and I'll query them as well.
Hope this is what you are looking for!
Thanks.
Esther

	Joe, are all of these points valid for transport?  Thanks. Lynn

																																											These are the small processing plants that are tied to Northern. They are either receipts or deliveries.																																																Thanks						 << File: Book3 Phone numbers.xls >> 

	Larry/Randy, what is the status of the contracts?   Have they been terminated?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI

As you know, Mountain Energy Corporation, a shipper on NNG, filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy.  They have three small reservation invoices each month totaling together less than $2000 per month.  

Per Dari Dornan's instructions, I mailed them a certified letter to demonstrate creditworthiness on July 12.  Mountain (or someone) did receive the letter on July 18 and did not respond to Paul Cherry nor I by July 26, as stated in the letter.

Ranelle Paladino and Dari will working with Michele Winckowsi in Certificates to terminate these contracts.

Larry

	Larry and Raetta, would you work with Janet to finalize this process and let me know
	the outcome.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn/Rick, I agree with Dari's comment, although I know that I have been in some conversations regarding this and thought that they knew that they had to nom on a WTG contract in order to get all of the small customer tolerance perks.  We had a similar situation last week with Tenaska, who was nominating for Southern Union (small customer) and I called them back with the MS Rep and explained that they had to nom on a Southern Union contract.  They seemed to be okay with that and I think they will change the way they nom, now.

Raetta

		
	Larry and Raetta, do you agree with Dari's comment?  Thanks. Lynn

I think we should do a settlement of the accounts receivable.  Although the effect is the same, it would be better to be able to say that we don't retier.  Any body have another opinion?  Dari

	Here is what I called about:   WTG is a small customer (Tariff Sheet No. 510) and are entitled to a 1000 MMBtu in tier one of their imbalance rather than the 3%.  However,  WTG Marketing actually was nominating on their own contract for WTG (small customer) and therefore was not receiving the small customer 1000 in tier one.  WTG  feels they were misled by Northern and thought they would receive the 1000 tier one because they were nominating to a small customer point.  If they would have understood that the 1000 Tier One was only applicable to the WTG's (small customer) contract. WTG Marketing would have nom'd as an agent on behalf of WTG (small customer) using WTG's (small customer) contract.

Okay here is the question:  Marketing and Gas Logistics is asking if they can retier retroactively to March 2001 up to current.  We have retiered for other reasons in the past due to our own measurement problems and this also appears to be Northern's "mistake" by providing misinformation.  What is your feel for this or  would be better to enter into a "settlement" with WTG Marketing so as not to set a precedent.  

Lynn or Janet,  feel free to straighten me out if I have the story confused.

Mary Darveaux
Rates & Tariff ETS 
Enron
mary.darveaux@enron.com

	
	It looks like we are on for a meeting with Oneok on the 29th.  Are you
	guys in the office on that day?  The main topic of discussion is
	the new Mid Continent Market Center interconnect at Bushton.

	Please let me know if you are available or not.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Is this the same on NNG and TW?  Thanks. Lynn

	I received a question this morning from FGU regarding a cut they got on contract 5141 for ID-2.  The total volume nominated on the

	contract did not change from ID-1 to ID-2, however, they did move around some volumes on their delivery points - (decreased some

	primary delivery points and increased alternate-firm delv. points).  When we did the Market Area allocation for ID-2, it looked at

	the "alternate point" increase as "incremental" - even though total contract volume remained the same.  I was somewhat confused by

	this cut  and talked with Joe Hoang.

	According to Joe:  PLEASE NOTE that the Market Area Flowing rights for a contract are retained by:

	1)   Contract
	2)   Gas Type
	3)   Nominator - Duns

	
	Therefore, if a shipper  has a total of 30,000 mmbtu's of flowing gas rights on a contract:  10,000 Alternate firm and 20,000
	of Primary firm and they change their nom - reducing the Primary firm volume to 15,000 and increase the Alternate firm
	volume to 15,000 - the additional 5,000 of Alternate firm would be considered "incremental".

	FYI

	Lynda

	Rob and Teb, this is the agenda I left you a message about.  I realize this is last
	minute, so if it does not work for you to visit with Mr. Formaggio, I think we can cover
	the time.  Thanks. Lynn

This is the schedule so far for Mr. Formaggio, who has asked to meet with someone in Enron to understand more about the general operation of a big pipeline (dispatching, the nomination and balancing operation, the allocation of measurement, and other major aspects of third-party-access implementation, including OBAs with interconnecting pipelines).

He was scheduled to arrive this afternoon, and will be staying at the Hyatt Regency.  

Thursday, 8/23

9:00 through	Arrive at Enron.  He was given either Ginger Dernehl or myself as initial contacts.  
   Lunch	Advise John Buchanan of arrival (X.37429).  
	John will come to 47 to escort Mauro down to 41 for presentations by Lynn Blair and others about ETS gas logistics.
	Then Mauro will meet with Dannis Bellard for a tour of Gas Control.

3:30-4:30	Meet with Julie Gomez, VP of Long-Term Fundamentals-Gas

Friday, 8/24

11:00-12:00	Meet with Rick Shapiro and Jim Steffes, Government Affairs-The Americas

I am trying to arrange a meeting also with George Smith, either at about 2:00 on Thursday or on Friday morning.  He is a manager in the EWS logistics area who could talk about pipeline operation from the shipper perspective.

	Jim, good idea.  I had not thought about that.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, 

I talked with John Buchanan and we decided not to do the pop up notice for the new scheduled quantities report because we reserved that means of communication for instant critical notices.  So, we are going to send an email notice to all users using the email distribution list that we have for critical notices.  This email list should cover all active users whether they are online users or EDI users.  Also, I can put more info in an email notice.  

Jim  

	
	I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.

	11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)

	12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:

				Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton
				Points that are on the wrong OBA
				Imbalances on the Gathering OBA
				American Processing Issues (Robert)

	Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of
	the afternoon.  

	Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon.  

	

	
	I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.

	11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)

	12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:

				Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton
				Points that are on the wrong OBA
				Imbalances on the Gathering OBA
				American Processing Issues (Robert)

	Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of
	the afternoon.  

	Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon.  

	Attendees from Oneok are:  Delaine Kurth, Kim Hardman, Sherry Rogers, maybe one other person.

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	John, can you plan on attending?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI. sj

Here are a few notes for our meeting Tuesday at 1:00 on the daily unsubscribed capacity on NNG.  These notes aren't meant to be all inclusive, but a starting point for us to meet a deadline of October 1 for the "new" NNG report.  Thanks.
Ranelle

 

	John looks good.  I have a call into Lisa Sawyer to get her opinion on the 9/30 target date.
	But you can go ahead and get this to Debbie.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
This revised presentation has Larry Berger's Flowing Gas changes, do you approve before I send it to Debbie.

 << File: Northern Natural Gas Winter Operations Meeting 2001.ppt >> 

Thanks: John Buchanan

	Karen, no problem we can call you in for your part only.  I do not have any more detail
	at this time, but if we get some before the 29th I will pass it on to you.  Thanks. Lynn

Could I get more information on what the point issues are with the Oneok OBA's?  Are there certain contracts in question? Does it have to do with crossing mids, or operators of points, or having receipts and deliveries on the same OBA?  

Also, can someone be called in from my group to attend just the portion of the meeting when you discuss the above?  We are all involved in testing for the new CMS/CRS systems and if we are not needed for the entire meeting, it would help to only attend the portion we are needed.

Let me know

Karen

	
	I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th.  Here is the plan.

	11:30 - 12:00  -  Lunch in the building (Ava can you get Trebeards)

	12:00 - 4:30   -  Discuss:

				Midcontinent Market Center I/C at Bushton
				Points that are on the wrong OBA
				Imbalances on the Gathering OBA
				American Processing Issues (Robert)

	Let me know if we need to add anything else or have any quetions.  I think this will take the majority of
	the afternoon.  

	Ava, please get us a room (preferrably 4102) for the afternoon.  

	Attendees from Oneok are:  Delaine Kurth, Kim Hardman, Sherry Rogers, maybe one other person.

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Larry, thanks.  Just keep me posted.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

On Aug 14, Ranelle Paladino told me that Dari and herself would be preparing a letter to terminate the Mountain Energy contracts due to their inability to demonstrate creditworthiness.  I was suppose to receive a copy of the letter by now.  I will contact Ranelle.

Larry

	Larry/Randy, what is the status of the contracts?   Have they been terminated?  Thanks. Lynn

FYI

As you know, Mountain Energy Corporation, a shipper on NNG, filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy.  They have three small reservation invoices each month totaling together less than $2000 per month.  

Per Dari Dornan's instructions, I mailed them a certified letter to demonstrate creditworthiness on July 12.  Mountain (or someone) did receive the letter on July 18 and did not respond to Paul Cherry nor I by July 26, as stated in the letter.

Ranelle Paladino and Dari will working with Michele Winckowsi in Certificates to terminate these contracts.

Larry

=09Vernon, here is what was sent to the customers.  Thanks. Lynn

Thank you for responding to our invitation.  Attached is the agenda for the=
 Northern Natural Gas Winter Operations Meeting scheduled for September 6-7=
 in Kansas City.  There still may be a few minor modifications made but hop=
efully this preliminary copy will give you an indication of our meeting foc=
us.=20

 =20

If you have yet to submit your RSVP but would like to attend the meeting pl=
ease fax your information as soon as possible, (713) 646-8000.  Feel free t=
o  give me a call if you have questions, (713) 853-5660.   We look forward =
to seeing you on September 6!

Sharon Brown
ETS Gas Control
713-853-5660

	FYI.  Thank. Lynn

FYI,  Ken Cessac will be calling you or Harry for Oneok plant data (if they still send it to us).

Charlie

FYI

fyi - no action required for now from Field Operations, but please believe this is a very sensitive issue and we need to make sure that the highest level of attention is given to the UST Meters - Mike

John and I discussed a couple of Bushton Measurement issues today that I would like you to take a lead on.

* According to John, the difference between their PTR and our meters seems to be abnormal for April and May of this year.  He will designate a ONEOK expert to call Ken Cessac to discuss possible investigations to resolve, if possible.  I would include an examination of the Plant PTR process and not just a limitation to Ultrasonic Meter Issues.

* John has expressed a concern for the need to add further clarification to the Measurement Agreement.  He foresees some issues that may not be addressed in the agreement.  I told him that I thought it would be better to resolve these issues before they became a problem and agreed to listen to their concerns and work to resolve if possible.

	Sharon, I found the agenda you sent out and Vernon sent
	it to Virginia Power.  This is their reply.  Thanks. Lynn

I guess this is his RSVP

Vernon:
Thanks for the agenda!  Please note that Stacy Lee and I will be attending this
conference and likely Jason Lewis.

Lynn told me this started at 1:30 on Thursday which is true for the
actual meeting part.  If you would like to golf in the morning, they
have an organized golf outing planned.
Here is the Agenda they sent out.

 <<winteropsAGENDA.DOC>>

	FYI.  All four of you do not need to be there.  But I would like one from accounting
	and one from scheduling.  Thanks. Lynn

We will be having a meeting today @ 3:00 to discuss scheduling and operational issues at various points we are looking at for new storage points.  See the attached for the proposed new points.  The meeting will be in EB4180.  Jo, we will call you.

Thanks,

Preston

 

	Ava, I was in the office all this pay period.  Thanks. Lynn

Timesheets for 8/16-8/31 time period are due August 31st before noon.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(30).doc >> 

	I am concerned we will have/or should have some of the frank discussions we have
	with AA setting in the room.  Is there anyway we could have a rooster everyone signs
	to show we attended if that is all they are concerned about?  Just a thought.  I can
	live with either decision, but I want to prep my people before the meeting if AA
	attends.  Thanks. Lynn

Please read the note below from Tony Jackson from Arthur Andersen to me requesting to attend our monthly customer accounts meeting.  What are your thoughts on AA attending these meetings?

In the past, we have been somewhat hesitant to provide you with total "open access" to our monthly customer accounts meeting due to the frankness of our discussions related to ongoing issues related to outstanding accounts receivables, imbalances and potential financial exposure items.  I can appreciate your desire to understand management's role in reviewing and monitoring the controls that this meeting and the detailed status reports provide and would like to help you gain confidence in our process. 

You mentioned that you would be "observing the process and not the content".  I would like to discuss this in more detail with you due to the sensitivity of the customer information being discussed.
  
I will talk this over with Shelley.  Our next meeting is August 30th so I will get back with you soon.

Rick
Rick,

Several of the monitoring reports that we use as a part of our internal
controls testing (i.e., A/R status report prepared by Alice, material PPAs,
etc.) are reviewed by management at the monthly customer accounts meeting.
Testing management's review of these reports is a key monitoring control
that we are attempting to obtain evidence of.  Due to the fact that there
is not a formal "sign-off" on these reports by Shelley, yourself, etc., we
need to obtain another form of evidence that they are being reviewed.  One
way to do this is for one of our people to sit in on a couple of the
meetings and observe the process.  Additionally, we would also need the
reports themselves in the form of copies of the packet used during the
meeting (I think Alice was going to talk to you about this).

Being able to observe these meetings would allow us to get comfortable that
the specific reports are being reviewed by management, and would alleviate
any need to perform detailed substantive testing on the reports themselves.
That testing could be fairly labor-intensive on both sides.

Realizing there may be a confidentiality/sensitivity issue related to the
content of the meeting, I want to ensure you that we would only be there to
observe the process and not analyze the content.

Please let me or Heather know your thoughts on this and whether or not
someone from our group would be able to attend the next meeting to be held
and probably one more after that.  Thanks Rick.

Tony
x56593
*******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************

Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If
you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for
delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this
message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly
notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your
employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.
Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither
given nor endorsed by it.

    Brad, I thought we were re-arranging the meeting to do Rates and Revenue before the other topics.
    Otherwise, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the latest edition of the agenda for Tuesday.  Please review and let me know if you have any wording changes. 
 
Brad

	
	Due to all the teams being on different floors, I am very concerned about coverage
	by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs.

	Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March, 2002.

		Terry concentrates on all TW issues and testing since he will be on 13 with the team.

		John concentrates on NNG North end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team

		Mike concentrates on NNG South end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team

	As each of you are on vacation, then the other 2 will cover your area.

		Another option is to have Larry and Raetta help out with the NNG teams during this time frame

	Let's discuss on Wednesday after you have had a day to think about this.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Pat, thank you for sending this to me.  Do you by chance have Bill's home address?  Thanks. Lynn

 We regret to inform you of the passing of Bill Cordes's father Ray.

The services will held at 11:00 AM on Monday, August 27 at
Heafey-Heafey-Hoffman-Dworak-Cutler Funeral Chapel
7805 West Center Road
391-3900

Visitation will be at the funeral home on Sunday, August 26 from 6:00 to 8:00 PM.

	FYI Thanks. Lynn

16540 L Street
Omaha, NE  68135-1321
 We regret to inform you of the passing of Bill Cordes's father Ray.

The services will held at 11:00 AM on Monday, August 27 at
Heafey-Heafey-Hoffman-Dworak-Cutler Funeral Chapel
7805 West Center Road
391-3900

Visitation will be at the funeral home on Sunday, August 26 from 6:00 to 8:00 PM.

	Shelley, I am assuming you are aware of this.  In case you weren't, I thought I would
	pass it on.  This is Bill's address.  Thanks. Lynn

16540 L Street
Omaha, NE  68135-1321

 We regret to inform you of the passing of Bill Cordes's father Ray.

The services will held at 11:00 AM on Monday, August 27 at
Heafey-Heafey-Hoffman-Dworak-Cutler Funeral Chapel
7805 West Center Road
391-3900

Visitation will be at the funeral home on Sunday, August 26 from 6:00 to 8:00 PM.

	There are several things we need to discuss on Monday:

	Schedule for not working weekends, but making up that time on evenings during the week.

	Mastio study letter 

	Oneok Meeting

	Shift Differential communication to teams - By payperiod vs by month		

	Winter Ops presentation

	
	I did not want to forget these items.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	Terry, who requested these to be done before the 8:00 a.m. meeting?  Let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Why do these reports have to be done before the 8:00 a.m. meeting. This has not been the procedure in the past.  If these numbers are asked for in the morning meeting, they can be quickly obtained or the previous days numbers are available.  

We need to complete the Oneok Recap and the Bushton (PVR) file, before the 8:00 A.M. Meeting, EACH DAY.

I asked to create a Bushton Group to assist our team in completing the Bushton file.

Please contact me if you have any questions.

Thanks

Robert

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

	Charlie, I agree we should get payment either way.  Gas Logistics is meeting with
	Oneok on Wednesday on some other matters.  Do you want Steve Herber or I to mention
	this again to Delaine or wait to see what their review says?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Thanks for your help getting this pushed along.  Shouldn't we take the approach that payment to Northern is expected immediately once Oneok verifies the liquid is condensate.  Whether they ever reach agreement with their hauler or not is not germane to paying us.  We have been pressing Oneok about Mt. Jesus since April of 2000 and provided them with a sample analysis (taken by us) September 30, 2000!  You can see by the trail of e-mails below, they seem to brush us off about once a month.

Thanks

Charlie

Charlie,  I talked with Mike Belcher and Jon Hanna about this on Friday for
an update.  We have hired a consultant to go out there this week, CP
Resources.  They will evaluate the situation at Mt. Jesus and at Sublette.
If determined that the liquids do have condensate in them, we will pursue
retroactive settlement with the current hauler.  Hopefully we will bring
this to a close very soon.  Thanks for patience.  Delaine

Hi Delaine.  It has been a while so thought I would check on your review of
our request for payment for Mt. Jesus mmbtu.  Do you need anything more
from NNG?

Charlie
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Kurth+2C+20Delaine+22+20+3Cdkurth+40Oneok+2Ecom+3E+40E
NRON@ENRON.com]

Sent:     Tuesday, June 19, 2001 2:58 PM
Charlie, I will reivew the information and get back to you as soon as
possible.  Thanks, Delaine

Delaine,

The Operating Agreement between Northern and KN (now Oneok) entitles
Oneok to all condensate and drip liquids removed from any of the
Northern pipelines, equipment or facilities upstream of Oneok's Bushton
Plant.  That agreement also provides that Oneok will be responsible for
picking-up, hauling and providing a detailed accounting of such liquids
removed.  In addition Oneok is to pay Northern for the shrinkage
attributable to such condensate and drip.  Northern invoices Oneok
monthly for a cash reimbursement of the mmbtu's attributable to the
condensate removed.

Effective April 2000, Oneok began short paying its invoices.  The table
below summarizes the amount shorted through April 2001 as $67, 889.36.
This short payment reflects Oneok's refusal to reimburse Northern for
removal of condensate attributable to the Mount Jesus Drip, lease #
71176.  Oneok has indicated to Northern that Oneok's contract hauler
contends the liquid removed from Northern's system at this point is
water.  In spite of evidence provided by Northern to the contrary, Oneok
accepts its contractor's contention, apparently pays a disposal fee, and
refuses to reimburse Northern for the mmbtu's lost.

This location produced condensate prior to the March 31, 1997 agreement
and no change to Northern's pipeline operations that would impact
condensation dropout has occurred.  Oneok was properly reimbursing
Northern prior to April 2000.  In addition, the attached analysis of
liquid removed from the location on September 20, 2000, demonstrates
that hydrocarbon condensate continues to be collected at the drip.
Northern must insist that compensation for these BTU's removed from
Northern's System be made by Oneok.  Your immediate attention to this
matter is appreciated.

Thanks

Charlie
(402) 398-7061

Northern Natural Gas Company

Shortpay Analysis

Mt. Jesus Drip

                              (BBLS * 42)
(GAL * .116)
Date      Rate      BBLS      Gallons         Mmbtu
Amount
Apr-01          $ 4.9474           345.00             14,490.00
1,680.84        $  8,315.80
Mar-01          $ 4.9851           180.00               7,560.00
876.96          $  4,371.76
Feb-01          $ 5.5555           200.00               8,400.00
974.40          $  5,412.96
Jan-01          $ 8.0133           180.00               7,560.00
876.96          $  7,027.33
Dec-00          $ 8.7182           240.00             10,080.00
1,169.28        $10,194.02
Nov-00          $ 5.2090           205.00               8,610.00
998.76          $  5,202.54
Oct-00          $ 4.8727           140.00               5,880.00
682.08          $  3,323.57
Sep-00          $ 4.8503           240.00             10,080.00
1,169.28        $  5,671.36
Aug-00          $ 4.2166           140.00               5,880.00
682.08          $  2,876.06
Jul-00          $ 3.8249           140.00               5,880.00
682.08          $  2,608.89
Jun-00          $ 4.0792           380.00             15,960.00
1,851.36        $  7,552.07
May-00          $ 3.2884           160.00               6,720.00
779.52          $  2,563.37
Apr-00          $ 2.8424           200.00               8,400.00
974.40          $  2,769.63

                    2,750.00        115,500.00
13,398.00            $67,889.36

 <<analysis.doc>>

	
	Jodie, Toby,  Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our
	presentations. 

	We have 4102 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m..

	Anyone that wants to join us is welcome.

	Thanks. Lynn	

	

	Please review and let Dari and I  know of any changes, additions, etc.  Thanks. Lynn

THIS IS JUST A DRAFT!!

I am updating the Oneok issues list.  Please let me have your comments by Wednesday, August 29.  Thank you.  Dari

 

	I definitely think we should let customers know as needed basis.  Someone should certainly
	talk to ENA.  Terry, please work with Jean on this.  

	John and Terry, are there other customers who download our rates?  Thanks. Lynn

When the descrepancy between our rates posted on the website and entered in our system was discovered, did we notify any of our customers that this had occurred.  ENA loads our rates into their system.  They should probably know if they need to re-load them for September 1.

What do you think?

Jean

	Raetta or Larry, do either one of you have the SMS chart on line?  I only have a
	hard copy.  If you could help Courtney out, I would appreciate it.  I will be in Omaha
	tomorrow and back in the office Wednesday.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
I am working on a presentation for Dave Neubauer and I am needing an example of a SMS chart to include in the power point presentation.  Do you have a chart that you could e-mail to me, so that I could include it in the presentation. It doesn't matter which of the 4 charts you send. Thanks!
Courtney Barker
Call me at (402) 398-7130, if you have any questions.

	Ava, I think it is a great idea.  If Shelley is OK with it, would you please coordinate the effort.  Thanks. Lynn

When Tangie moved on to her new position she left Chris with $100.00 to have a birthday party for the dept. This is money she had left over from our group.  After discussing with a few other associates it was mentioned this money should be contributed to our fellow Americans that were struck in last Tuesday's attack in D.C. and  N.Y.  I think that's a great idea, maybe we could have a collection jar and add to the $100.00 and then have the company match before sending.  Is this okay with you Lynn & Shelley??

Thanks,
Ava

	Guys, sorry we left off the day.  We are doing this on Friday, August 31.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Jodie, Toby,  Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our
	presentations. 

	We have 4102 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m..

	Anyone that wants to join us is welcome.

	Thanks. Lynn	

	

	John, please work with the team to be sure we have the basis covered
	until we have our meeting next week.  Thanks. Lynn

In meeting with Tom Gesell this morning, it was suggested that we take a half hour or so in Kansas City to discuss communication issues surrounding the implementing of allocations and/or flow controls. 

Gas Control we need to call  Mid Am by around 5:45 P.M. (Intra day 2 process) to see what their intention are on Quad Cities and Cedar Rapids points if they are outside their 20,000 plus 5% of their order. ETS scheduler should call you around this time to see if we need to allocate them based on the information they have given you. Also be sure and log this conversation.

Gary 

	Approved.  Thanks. Lynn

Please reveiw the attached and return your comments/approval to me by Friday, August 31.  Thanks! 

 << File: SBAprovider7-01.doc >> 

Joni Bollinger
NNG Marketing
phone: (402) 398-7427
fax:      (402) 398-7413
joni.bollinger@enron.com

	FYI.  Thought you might be interested.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached below are the two files for TW CMS/TMS requirements on flow direction and current process for inside/outside the path requirements. 

Please review these documents and let me know if you have any questions or  corrections to apply to either document by COB
8/31/01. 

Linda, please keep me in the loop on both of the projects since they interface directly with TMS.

Thanks Ramona

  

	Randy, I think it would be a good idea to do some training in Omaha.  But we should
	coordinate it to cover all customers in the Omaha area.  Then we can do it in one trip.
	Thanks. Lynn

Debbie,
	All the reports will be available online, EXCEPT for the ones I do manually and specifically for UCU, such as the Daily Allocation report.  However, this report is now being emailed to Keith the day of close, thus preventing the lag time in mailing and data entry on your part.  I am also looking into automating more of the information that we send you for commodity invoicing, such as the required screen prints.  Once this information is automated, I will also be able to send those via email or other methods.  
	As we get closer to production for the system, I will speak with Lynn Blair to see if I can set up a training session in Omaha for you, Keith and possibly Joni.  I'll keep you informed.  Thanks.

Randy

Thanks for the notice - will ALL of the  reports we currently get be available on-line?   Including the Daily  Allocation report that you have to specifically run for us  now?    
 
I hope the "training" can be done in Omaha -  I'd like both Keith and myself to attend.     
 
 - Glacier Bkgrd.jpg << File: Glacier Bkgrd.jpg >> 

John, thanks for questioning this.  Lynn

Is there a reason why the work on September 4th to the VPN can not be done during the normal maintenance window provided for this type of outage?
This outage is presently planned during core business hours and ETS Customer Service has Home Office Workers that gain access through VPN. This will cause them not to be able to provided our customers with any assistance. 

John Buchanan

ETS  and Corporate Change Control Items

Aug. 30		
From 11:00 - 11:30 a.m., the ETS IT team will test the SCADA Frame-Relay Backup to Maitland.  Maitland users will lose data and voice connectivity to the GCO network during this maintenance. 

Aug. 30		
From 7:00 - 8:00 p.m., the HR IT team will upgrade NAHOU-NAHRDW01P.  Although this maintenance will result in a total disruption of service to all interfaces into the HRGIM DataWarehouse, no user impact it expected.

Aug. 31		
From 10:00 - 11:00 p.m., Enron Network Services will enable layer 2 connections to the Metropolitan Area Network at Ardmore.   No impact is expected.

Sept. 1		
From 12:00 - 1:00 a.m. (Friday night/Saturday morning) Enron Network Services will add a second gigabit link between core routers ENA-CX1-3405 and ENA-CX2-3405.  This maintenance will cause an outage of 30-45 seconds on the core of the Enron network.  Any devices communicating to a device on another segment will lose connectivity during this maintenance.  Users who are not on the same segment as their servers may experience a disruption of service.  This outage will affect access to Notes, Outlook, Phoneline, and access to the Internet.

Sept. 1		
From 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m., Telephony services will move the MCI/WorldCom cabinet in 3440.  No impact is expected.

Sept. 4		
From 3:00 - 5:00 p.m., the Remote Services team will upgrade the CES2 VPN box.  This change will result in a total disruption of service for users accessing Enron through the VPN.

Sept. 7		
Beginning today, the database for the DSS system will be migrated from GTHOU-SQRPT01P to the ETS Production SAN (GTARD-SQRPT01P).  ODBC drivers for Corp users will be pushed out using the login script.  Updates to ODBC drivers for EES users will be done manually.  The database on GTHOU-SQRPT01P will no longer be available after 9/17.

Sept. 10	
From 8:00 - 9:00 a.m., the HR server team will place an eHRonline server into the DMZ for the click-at-home project.  No impact is expected.

ETS Solution Center - Houston, at 713-345-4745
ETS Solution Center - Omaha, at 402-398-7454

	Ava, please add to my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

I plan to take the following vacation days in Sept:

Friday, Sep 14
Monday, Sep 17
Thursday, Sep 27

See me if you have questions.

Larry

	Alfredo, I would be glad to visit with you tomorrow (Friday) anytime after
	1:00 p.m.  You can call me at X37637 or if you get my phone mail
	you can call Ava Garcia at X35842 and she will find me for you.
	Thanks. Lynn

Alfredo, I am pretty open for the rest of today and tomorrow as well.  I am at EB4741c (on the southeast side of the floor overlooking the new building).  Just come by if you are up here.  You could call me at X.35840 to confirm that I am at my desk.  (I have to say that Lynn and her group provided most of the substantive information.)

Rebecca/Lynn

Thanks for your time spent with Mauro. I am today and tomorrow in Houston, and I would like to have a chance to see you and briefly discuss the issues you touched with him. Mauro is sending me a memo with the topics by end of today.

tx,

a.
Dear Amber, Alfredo and Fabio,
many thanks for the opportunity of visiting Enron in Houston.
Your colleagues provided me with a great lot of information and advice.
Rebecca Cantrell and Lynn Blair were very kind and helpful, in sparing their time with me and in organizing other meetings with colleagues.
They are very fine and I appreciate.
Maybe we would discuss, should the occasion come, some of the aspects of open access in the USA and their appropriateness for the italian case.
Best Regards
Mauro Formaggio

	
	I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13
	for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please
	let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

The Beaver field team and GPM ( Duke) have agreed to have the Beaver Southeast Dehy outage on Sept. 11th. They plan to have all their work completed and back in service in 24 hours. Affect flow for this outage is 160,000 mmbtu. This was posted on the bulletin board today.
If you have any questions please give me a call.

Gary  

	Terry and Darrell, are you both planning on attending?  To keep this low key I will not
	attend, but will be available if you need me.  Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is a brief agenda regarding the topics that BP would like to discuss, in addition to the TW shipper imbalance.

BP Attendees are:   	Natalie Curtis
			Kathy LaBorde
			Debra Ross
			Russell Williamson	
			Brooke Ward
			Delma Tullos
			Debbie Peters

 

Once again, the preliminary meeting will be Tuesday 9/18 in 4194 from 3:00-3:30.
The BP/TW meeting will be Wednesday 9/19 in 4102 from 12:00-2:00, lunch will be provided (Treebeard's).

Thanks,
Christine
		
		
We will have a preliminary meeting Tuesday 9/18 to discuss the agenda for the lunch meeting with BP.  We will meet in 4194 from 3-3:30.

The lunch meeting with BP will be Wed 9/19 from 12-2 in 4102.  We are waiting to hear from BP regarding topics of discussion and attendees.

See y'all then!
Amy

	FYI.  

It will be done today.

Rick will you please let me know when you reverse the TW K imbalance of $224.00 on K 37652 that was discussed during the Oneok meeting.

Thanks: John Buchanan

	Shelley, I talked with Kent Miller and he confirmed that the Storage group sends 
	storage volumes to EIA for reporting purposes.  They do NOT send anything to
	AGA.  But it is his understanding that AGA is getting their information from EIA
	so by default he believes that AGA gets NNG's storage numbers.  As a reminder
	this question came up in the staff meeting this week and I was to follow up with Kent.

	If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, Just wanted to pass on to you, Becky Cantrell and I met
	with Alfredo today to review our discussions with Mr. Formaggio.
	We had a very good conversation and Alfredo may be calling in the future
	for more information.  If you have any questions, please let me know. 
	Thanks. Lynn

Thanks for your time spent with Mauro. I am today and tomorrow in Houston, and I would like to have a chance to see you and briefly discuss the issues you touched with him. Mauro is sending me a memo with the topics by end of today.

tx,
Dear Amber, Alfredo and Fabio,
many thanks for the opportunity of visiting Enron in Houston.
Your colleagues provided me with a great lot of information and advice.
Rebecca Cantrell and Lynn Blair were very kind and helpful, in sparing their time with me and in organizing other meetings with colleagues.
They are very fine and I appreciate.
Maybe we would discuss, should the occasion come, some of the aspects of open access in the USA and their appropriateness for the italian case.
Best Regards
Mauro Formaggio

See Attached

 

Dale Ratliff
713-853-1534
dale.ratliff@enron.com

	OK, here is what I have:
		For Wednesday, September 12 - Cynthia and Renee (NGPL) (2 tickets)
		For Wednesday, September 12 - Robert and Duke (2 tickets)
		For Thursday, September 13 - Bert and Texaco (4 tickets)

	Cynthia I am assuming you only wanted 2 tickets.  If that is not correct let me
	know and we can give one of you the 12th and the other a later game.

	Thanks. Lynn	

	
	I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13
	for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please
	let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, does Tim know I only have 30 minutes?  As far as I know Shelley will be having
	her staff meeting.  Otherwise, I am OK.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, a mtg. for Wednesday, November 28th has been scheduled for 8:30am-9:00am in conf. EB42C2 is this time okay with you.

Thanks,
Ava

	Steve, I did not see your name.  Don't you usually approve these?  Thanks. Lynn

Please call me at 952-887-1782 if you have any questions.

   

	If I understand correctly we will make the change for January 1, 2002.  Do NOT change anything
	for 2001.  Is that right Donna?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn-

What do you think?

Thanks

Fran

Do you want me to call it a transfer or a data correction?  Also, what effective date should I use?  

I think we should use Jan. 1st for all corrections if we are changing company number to be on the safe side with regard to the employees' tax deductions.  Let me know what you think.  We will probably get many co./cost center change requests for the new year.  

Thanks,
Miranda

Miranda-

please change Karen Clapper p505936 company number to NNG - 0179 and org unit to 1491.

Thanks,

Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@enron.com

	Have you guys seen this email?  Just wanted to be sure you had.  Thanks. Lynn

Chris,

I just got done reviewing some of the data in the October SMS invoice for IES and I can see some major problems.  It looks to me like about 1/2 of the gates have daily estimated usage during the last half of the month which caused us to incur numerous DDVC penalties which I don't believe are correct in both Zone BC and Zone D.

It was obvious that the data was estimated because the flow is almost exactly the same every day for the last two weeks of the month (I suspect it only varies a little due to the BTU factor).  We were getting penalties on the warm days in the second half of the month because you are overestimating the load on those days.  Some of the larger gates to look at include Cherokee(2870), Jefferson(2873), Iowa Falls(2876), Britt(2877) Eldora(2878), Mt Vernon(2880), Vinton(2881) & Alto (3574), but there are many others.

I need to look at this more a lot more, including other months, but before I waste more of my time, I'd like to know how and why these were estimated and if you are already working on a correction.  This is the kind of thing that makes in very difficult for us because we have to rely on your billing data which only is available two weeks after a month ends and that isn't even very good.  The way you are doing it, I don't even understand how you can bill us for DDVC's.

From now on, I think I'd like to get a statement each month of all the estimated data when we get the bill, so we know what to look for.

Thanks,
Jeff

Jeff Hicken
Gas Trader
Alliant-Energy
608-252-3173

	Mike, is this what you are looking for?  If I need to talk to anyone to help
	you get the referrel, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

  -----Original Message-----
Lynn, 

Give me a call if you have any questions about Chris.  I am recommending him for a position within your team.  Thanks! -Mike

Shelley, 

Per my conversation with Mary Kay, attached is a resume for Chris Miller.  I know Chris well and believe he has the strong communication skills, intellect and drive that it takes to contribute to the ETS team.  For these reasons, I would like to recommend Chris for a position within your group. 

Please give me a call if you have any questions or would like to discuss.  Thank you for your consideration.  See you soon!
 
Mike Barry 

 

	Raetta, have we taken care of this?  Thanks. Lynn

Raetta or Lynn:  Is there no way for them to designate all of their fuel from Marshall?

	Bob, you are correct in your statement.  But I want to be sure Koch understand
	when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that
	path will be 2828 less fuel.  Otherwise I agree with you statements.  I will
	be out next week, but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any
	questions.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:  Please verify that if Koch realigns their 35,000/d contract (K# 20510)such that their MDQ at Carlton matches their Carlton flow obligation of 2,828 and has the rest of their 32,172/d at Marshall (They would need to realign 30 mcf from Carlton to Marshall to effectuate the above, and I've checked with Doug Aschwege to make sure he would approve it.) that Steve's and my interpretation as described below is correct.  Basically the question is whether the Carlton flow obligation is only the Tariff stated volume (ie., no fuel imputed) and that the remainder of the MDQ plus fuel on the whole 35,000/d will flow as primary firm receipts at Marshall.  Thanks for your help!

Bob, 

Per our conversations earlier this month,  My contract 20510 needs to have
only 2828 mmbtu at Carlton and 32172 at Marshall.  All of the fuel for the
transport needs to be taken from Marshall.  Currently, this contract has
2858 at Carlton.  This is 30 above my obligation.  After this change is
made, it is my expectation that under no circumstances will my volume at
Carlton be curtailed below a receipt volume of 32568 at Marshall.   A
combination of 2828 plus 32568 gives me a delivered volume of 35000.  That
is my firm entitlement and curtailments below that are unacceptable as long
as my nominations are primary FT.

Please contact me at 713-544-4017 if more clarification is needed.

Thank you.  

Steve Phillips

	John, where are we on this item?  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation
	based on discussions with Kent and Frank.

	Thanks. Lynn

	I have approved all of the submitted reviewers for all teams with a few exceptions.  Those people
	who had changes will be notified by email.  The changes were necessary to ensure an even
	distribution.  If you would like to discuss any of the changes I had to make, please let me know.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Laura, I had to change one of your reviewers.  I changed Christine to Amy.  I also removed
	Richard since he had been selected to many times.  I will visit with him though and get
	some feedback. 

	Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Christine, I had to change Laura to Linda Ward on your request.  We had to many people
	selecting Laura and I need to evenly distribute the reviews.  If you have any concerns, please
	let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Linda, I went ahead and assigned Beverly Miller, Amy Mulligan and Richard Hanigriff
	to review you.  You need to submit those three names in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

	Sherry, I had to change from Chris to Debra on your reviewers.  I will still visit with
	Chris since you did put her name down.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Chris I had to change  Sherry to Janet McDaniel on your reviews.  I will still visit with Sherry
	to get input from her for the year end review. 

	Thanks. Lynn

	Randy, I had to change Chris to Robert for one of your reviews.  Please let me know
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Joe, I had to change Chris to Robert on you Year end review.  Please let me know 
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

I plan on taking vacation October 4, 5, 8,9 10, 11, and 12. This will finish my vacation for the year. thanks. sj

	Janet, I had to change from Harry to Kathy Sturr on one of your reviewers.  Please let me know
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Debra, I had to change from Chris to Janet McDaniel for one of your reviewers.  Please let me know
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Kathy, I had to change one of you reviewers from Chris to Randy Janzen.  Please let me know
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Randy, I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden.  Please
	let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

    Randy, in our meeting yesterday, I told people they could also give unsolicited feedback on any one on
    the team and encouraged them to do so.  I will talke with Diana to get some feedback from her without
    her having to fill out additional forms if that sounds OK with you.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I have no problem with Shirley, however, since she has began working from home, I have had limited interaction with her due to our work schedules.  She mostly works with the late person (Jean) and the early person (Jerry).  Therefore, if it is at all possible to choose someone else from the team that I work with more closely, I would appreciate it.  Thanks.
 
Randy

        Randy, I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden.  Please 
        let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn 

	Ricki, that sounds great.  Would you please take care of this?  Make it from Gas Logistics?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, Randy added me to the distrubution.  Do you want to send Roberts mother some flowers?  Sounds like this was a terrible fall.

Thanks, Ricki

Robert called in.  The surgery went well and his mother is doing fine.  She will be going home in the morning (Wednesday).  The fall shattered the bones in her right wrist and the doctors put a plate in it.  Robert is going to stay at his mom's until Friday.

Robert's mother's information:

LaBerta Benningfield
500 Rowland
Stephenville, Texas 76401

Robert's mother fell and broke one of her wrists this afternoon.  They are doing surgery this evening and he is on his way there.  Robert will call back tomorrow to let us know more about her condition.

Chris is covering his desk on Tuesday and Scott the rest of the week.

If you need to contact Robert his phone #'s are:

Cell 713-304-5590

Mother's 254-968-6146

	Do you still want to go to Lunch?  Call Me.  Thanks Lynn (7637)

	Janet, I will add Harry to your evaluation.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

This does cause me a good deal of concern.  Kathy does not know that much of what I do and we do not share customers as Harry & I have done.  She is also new again to scheduling, so all those facets of my performance would be missing.  I might add that at midyear Harry was also unavailable for my review, and yet because of our close proximity, he knows better than anyone on the team how I spend my days.  At the end of the day, none of this may matter, but it is a concern today.

Thank you for your consideration.

Janet
  

	Janet, I had to change from Harry to Kathy Sturr on one of your reviewers.  Please let me know
	if you have any concerns.  Thanks. Lynn

	Randy, make sure someone is up to speed on your process that can represent you
	in the meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI
I am on Comp this day and tentatively have Lasik surgery scheduled for that day.

Randy

	Jean, very good memo.  Thanks for covering the basis internally on these issues.  Lynn

Since we do so much business with ENA I thought I would send out this reminder:

1.  NNG and ENA are entirely separate entities and our businesses are run entirely separate from one another.

2.  Customers may think that they can net ENA invoices against NNG invoices.  NNG is a separate business and is not responsible for ENA invoices to their customers.

3.  Should suppliers cut volumes for ENA; NNG will cut the market accordingly.

4.  Creditworthiness status for ENA remains the responsibility of the Commercial Department. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise.

If you receive any calls regarding dealings with ENA from our customers, please pass them on to me or keep me informed if you should handle these calls.

Thanks,
Jean
3-7757

	Donna, I am not going to worry about this unless you tell me I need to.  Thanks. Lynn

Enron Transportation Services has 2115 outstanding invoices totaling nearly $8.5 million, which need coding and/or approval in the iPayit system.  Although a company-wide task force is working to improve the entire process, ETS employees need to do their part to ensure accurate and timely payment to our vendors.  
 
If you purchase items that generate an invoice (including cell phones, pagers, etc.) or if you are responsible for coding and/or approving invoices, after you receive your e-mail notification, please log on to iPayit and take the appropriate action to process the invoice (s) .  
 
Because the invoice (s)  cannot be processed for payment while it is in your iPayit inbox, it's important to code/approve invoices within five (5) days of e-mail notification.  
 
I expect ETS to stay current on payment of ALL vendor invoices.  
 
I have approved invoices in the system and it's very to use.  We will continue to monitor the status of our accounts payable, and we expect to see significant improvement by the end of September.
 
If you need assistance processing outstanding invoices, please contact Carolyn Centilli at 713-345-8496.   Password questions should be directed to the ISC help desk, 713-345-4727.
  
Thank you for your commitment to improving our accounts payable process and for paying our vendors on time.  
 
Rod

	Who is sending the letter to let Bear Paw know we need prepayment?  Thanks. Lynn

Craig there is no old or new business on New Power at this time on the contracts listed below.

NNG's Bear Paw contracts 102518 and 104442 has a nomination every month and predict one for Dec.

NNG's Enovate contracts have no old or new business at this time.

John Buchanan

I just got off the phone Paul Cherry and there is an exposure issue with 3 affiliate shippers: Bear Paw, Enovate and The New Power Company.  Please check with the schedulers (if any) and determine if these contacts have been previously nominated upon.  Also, it is important that, if they nominate from this date forward, the activity is approved through Paul Cherry (may require pre-payment).  Thanks

Craig

TW
              Shipper                  Con #     K Type    MDQ        Exp Date      Ext Terms

THE NEW POWER COMPANY	27509	ITS-1	50,000	2/14/2002 0:00			
THE NEW POWER COMPANY	27510	PNR	50,000	2/14/2002 0:00	Evergreen		

NNG

Bear Paw Energy, LLC	102518	IT	30,000	12/31/1997	Evergreen	
Bear Paw Energy, LLC	104442	FT	20,000	12/31/2003	ROFR	
Bear Paw Energy, LLC	105396	IT/OBA	n/a	4/30/2000	Evergreen	
						
Enovate, LLC	107282	ID		1/31/2002	Evergreen	
Enovate, LLC	107283	IT	50,000	1/31/2002	Evergreen	

	Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

We received a request from Citizens Communications Company immediately terminating their agency agreement with ENA for the following TW contracts

20822, 20834, 26791, 26580.

PLE and CBS have been updated.

Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@enron.com

	Shelley, I have three PAA's that the North team has done.  Two people are IT.  I wasn't sure if
	that made a difference?  I told them I would see if we could get them done, but at this late date
	there were no guarantees.  If you approve, I will have Fran fill out the necessary blanks.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Attached are the PAA Request Forms from the North Team.

Thanks,

Renee

   

	Shelley, I wanted to see if I could get the PAA in for Ava.  I think she did a very good job on the
	Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that.  If you approve, then I will
	send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information.  Thanks. Lynn

			 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Due to current business circumstances, on November 28, 2001, Enron's Board of Directors adopted an amendment to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan.  The amendment includes the following changes, which became effective on November 29:

?	Savings Plan contributions that are deducted from your November 30 paycheck will be matched by Enron in cash rather than Enron stock.  The cash match will be placed into the Fidelity Freedom 2000 fund, the default fund for the Plan.  

?	After November 30, Enron will no longer match your savings plan contributions.  As an exception, the company will continue the union matching contributions to the Plan.

?	The Savings Plan has always permitted employees to place their contributions in Enron stock or one or more alternative investment options.  Effective immediately, diversification within the Plan will ALSO be allowed, regardless of your age, from COMPANY contribution accounts.  This removes the restriction for all employees under the age of 50 to diversify the company contributions held in their account.  These accounts include all prior company contributions, QNEC, and company match accounts.  

To move funds:
On the Web, choose "Savings Plan--Restricted Employer Acct Transfer/Reallocation" from the drop down menu.
On Voice Response, choose "request for fund transfer/reallocation of your restricted employer accounts."
This will allow you to move money from the four formerly restricted accounts: Company Matching, Union Matching, Prior Matching, and QNEC.

To avoid phone delays, we recommend that you access your account through the web at http://resources.hewitt.com/enron or through benefits.enron.com.

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

We have a new conference bridge number for the weekend morning calls. It is;

			1-877-930-8819

		Passcode    184262

Please remember this number is confidential except to those on the morning call.

	Can we get processed?  Please call me.  Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, I wanted to see if I could get the PAA in for Ava.  I think she did a very good job on the
	Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that.  If you approve, then I will
	send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information.  Thanks. Lynn

			 

	Fran, I have Shelley's approval on these.  Can we get them approved.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Attached are the PAA Request Forms from the North Team.

Thanks,

Renee

   

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Ok

	FYI. Thanks. Lynn

Yes we need to get it in asap

	Mauro, it was very good to hear from you, I just wish it would have been under different
	circumstances.  I do appreicate your thoughtfulness.  Hope all is well with you and your 
	family.  Take care.  Lynn Blair

Dear Lynn,
let me express my deep sorrow for the tragedy that occurred to your Country.
With the wish that those who are responsible for the cowardly attacks be soon discovered and punished. At stake is Liberty, for all of us.
God Bless America
Mauro Formaggio

	Paul gave me his home and cell phone numbers for this weekend in case anything comes up.

		Home - 281-320-2563
		Cell Phone - 281-731-0692

	Please do not give out to anyone else without Paul knowing.  Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, NNG and TW are ok.  We use UPS and direct mail only.  Thanks. Lynn

Effectively immediately Fed Ex has suspended all outbound service. All outbound packages should be shipped via UPS.

	Shelley, below is the TW information for December 1, 2001

	(1) ENA did not nominate on Transwestern for 12/01/01.

	(2) EES Contract 25980 - Nominated 	Scheduled 	
				     2100	      0		PRR LaMaquina Plant (POI 500539) did not confirm

	

	FYI.  This is the info I sent Shelley for Dec. 1 on TW.  We need to track any changes to this
	information during the weekend.  Please let Terry or I know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

	Shelley, below is the TW information for December 1, 2001

	(1) ENA did not nominate on Transwestern for 12/01/01.

	(2) EES Contract 25980 - Nominated 	Scheduled 	
				     2100	      0		PRR LaMaquina Plant (POI 500539) did not confirm

	

	Kathy, here are the towns in question:

		Westbrook - Westbrook Power and Light
		Leadyard - Interstate Power
		Ivanhoe - UCU Zone EF
		Milbank - NWPS

	Thanks. Lynn

	Can you double check and make sure there are no outstanding issues in either category for my group and
	let me know what you find out.  Thanks. Lynn

There are Unresolved/Open items in the vendor payables system (iPayIt) and employee reimbursement system (XMS).  Employees are strongly encouraged to resolve items in their inboxes.  Please either process and approve, or reject these outstanding business expenses in your inboxes by 2:00 p.m. Monday, December 3, 2001.

For assistance with XMS please contact:
Enron Travel Management
(713) 345-6252, enron travel@enron.com <mailto:travel@enron.com>.

For assistance with iPayIt please contact:
Integrated Solutions Center
(713) 345-4727, iPayit@enron.com <mailto:iPayit@enron.com>

	Shelley, there is nothing new from the scheduling business on TW and NNG.  Same
	as your last update.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

On behalf of Dave Neubauer,Frank Semin, Lynn Blair and Jodie Floyd:

In follow-up to our conference call Thursday morning, we would like to communicate the "To-dos" we are recommending.  It is very important that we get the charts to Houston by the 3rd business day of the month.  We need to encourage chart changers to get their charts in the mail immediately.  As the charts are received in Houston, it is recommended that Gas Measurement Services will be in charge of not only inputting the chart data, but also tracking and keeping a report on when each chart is received.  Once we determine which charts are consistently late, we will determine what action needs to be taken to get the charts in on time, whether it be Priority Mail Service or Overnight Service.  Prior Period Adjustments will be done on each chart that is received late.  As we continue to work through this problem, ongoing research and planning will be done to ensure that a capital commitment is made to get technology installed to eliminate this ongoing issue.

1) It is important that the Operations personnel communicate to the chart changers the importance of getting the charts in the mail box immediately.
2) Effective immediately, it is recommended that Gas Measurement Services track the receipt of the charts and provide a report to Gas Logistics (Jodie Floyd) and Marketing that details which charts aren't coming in on time.  We need to have the report shortly after GMS closes, so that we can make efforts to locate the missing charts and get them to Houston as soon as possible.
3) Once we identify the charts that we are coming in late, we will provide either Priority Mail envelopes or Overnight envelopes to those stations so we can ensure that the chart will be on time the following month.
4) PPAs will continue on all charts that are received late.
5) Measurement will review possible technology to improve the accuracy of our measurements, i.e. temperature-based calculation, chart delineator.

If you have any questions, please contact Courtney Barker (Marketing) at (402) 398-7130 or Jodie Floyd (Gas Logistics) at (713) 853-1465.

Please forward this on to any necessary personnel.

Please review the home addresss and phone number shown on this eMail.  DO NOT RESPOND if the information is correct.  However, if incorrect then reply to this eMail with the correct information so you HR records can be updated accordingly.  Your home information is important in case the Company needs to forward critical materials to you or contact you regarding important Company information.

Address Line 1: 16715 CREEKLEA ROAD
Address Line 2:
Address Line 3:
City: HOUSTON
State: TX
Country: US
Zip: 77068
Phone:

	Ava, no problem.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, Darrell would like to know if he could charge lunch for TW, TW team will not be able to take a lunch due to invoicing.

Thanks,
Ava

	Sheryl, right now I am planning on coming in Friday night, late since I could not
	get there Saturday morning.  So hope all works out.  If not I am sure I can find
	something to do on Saturday.  Thanks. Lynn

Hi Ladies!

I think I have now mentioned to all of you that it would be great to get
together on the Saturday prior to our meeting.  My current thought is to
have the three of you travel together on the ferry from SF to Marin.  I
would pick you up and we could visit the wine country for lunch.  Sound like
a plan?

I'll provide more details later, but here is some important information:
The ferry leaves from SF at 10:45 a.m. (there are other times, but we
wouldn't make lunch).

So, what do you think?  Doable?

Cheryl Snyder
Business Systems Management
California Gas Transmission
Pacific Gas & Electric Company
415.973.4455
>  -----Original Message-----

	Kim, looks good to me.  I am ready for you to send to Drew.  Thanks for doing this.  Lynn

Lynn,

Let me know your thoughts, then we'll send it to Drew for his comments.

Thanks, Kim.

 << File: Draft notes for TW empl for bankruptcy.doc >> 

	John, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

John,

Could, at least a few of us, get zip drives installed so that we can have backup for our large files.  Floppy disks are not large enough for some files. My Lamar Power file will not fit on a floppy.

Thanks,
Jean

	We are in the process of calling customers to be sure they know the wire transfer has been changed.
	Thanks. Lynn

I would recommend that we call our major customers and let them know the change as well.

I don't this we give our customers lockbox instructions any longer.  Invoices cite wire instructions and physical address.  Raetta please confirm.

Lockbox should still stay bank of america.  I  am working with Treasury to make sure that these accounts stay open for the next 10 days.

Rod,

Attached are revised wire transfer instructions for company 60 and 179

Companies 62 and 370 should remain unchanged

Thanks

Sam << File: 060WTinst.doc >>  << File: 179WTinst.doc >> 

	Jean, this is a very good report.  Would you please add Steve January, Gary Spraggins, Mike Bodnar and
	Terry Kowalke to the list.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is a report for significant changes in nom'd and sched'd volumes by cycle.  Please review and let me know how we want to "tweek" the report to give us all the information we need.

 << File: INTERCONNECT NOMvsSCHED.XLS >> 

Jean
3-7757

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Please plan to attend a meeting on the OBA data on Wednesday, Dec. 5th at 1:30 PM in conf. rm 13c1.  Lindy, please connect me by conf. call at ext. 7419.  Thanks.  gh

Glen,
At this time, Wednesday afternoon is the only time that seems to work for Lindy Donoho, Lynn Blair, and Terry Kowalke. Teb, please let Glen know if this day is ok for you. Thank you.
Terry Kowalke

It would probably be a good idea to have a meeting/conf. call next week to discuss this data.  Please me know when you are available and I'll schedule a meeting.  Thanks.  gh

Here is the information that was requested from our last meeting on Oct. 31, 2001. The last page of the report has the summary of the whole report. If you have questions, please respond. When is the next meeting? Thank you.

Terry Kowalke

 << File: TWAllocSchdVsOperOBAData Request.xls >> 

	Glen, I had a conversation with Pat Davidson (SoCal) yesterday.  Things have been going smoothly,
	because SoCal has not been calling any OFO days.  She felt like we would not have an issue until
	spring and at that time, there is an expectation that SoCal could be calling more OFOs.  We agreed
	to continue talking, but that does not resolve the issue completely.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI--Attached below is a summary of the protests and comments the CPUC received in response to SoCalGas'  Advice Letter filing on receipt point operating procedures.  

Lynn,  Are they still working with us to resolve the OFO/Intraday 2 issue?  gh

Attached is the SoCalGas response of our mild protest to their advice  letter 2837-A.  The relevant language is on page 5 of their letter and has  been highlighted for your convenience.  In part, they state that:   
 
"These types of reductions are no different from today's  practice of allowing customers to reduce nominations in the fourth scheduling  cycle.  The flaw is not in SoCalGas  new procedures.  SoCalGas provides  customers with notice of an upcoming OFO two hours prior to scheduling cycle  closing times.  Within those two  hours, customers can make changes to their nominations and still meet the  scheduling timeline as defined by GISB standards.  Even if SoCalGas cuts nominations in  cycle four because customer reductions don't reduce deliveries enough to avoid  operational problems, changes in cycle 4 are within GISB standards.  Transwestern is supposed to be complying  with those GISB standards and seems to state that it is unable to do  so."
 
They go on to state a willingness to  work with us on the issue.  There is no procedural option for us to respond  to their response.  At this point, our option is to meet with Energy  Division staff to discuss the issue further, should we feel the need to do  so.  
 
Have a good weekend!
Dan
 
Law Offices of Daniel W. Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.  Suite  244
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Tel:   (818) 596-2201
Fax:   (818) 346-6502douglass@energyattorney.com << File: mailto:douglass@energyattorney.com >> 
 
 
 - 2837ARES.DOC << File: 2837ARES.DOC >> 

	Shelley, FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the detail for November 2001 PNR. A summary of the activity is as follows:

Buyer			PO #	POI	BOM BAL	 Dekatherm 	 Rate/Dth 	 	 Invoice Amount 
Calpine Energy 		27507	78151	    0 		22,500 	 	$0.3883 	 	 $43,683.75 
Richardson		27249	500622      0 		10,000 	 	$0.0300 		 $600.00               
			TOTAL				32,500					$44,283.75

In addition, PNM cleared up an imbalance position discovered on an old PNR contract. PNM took re-delivery of the gas on November 29th. There were no charges applied to the PNM activity.

 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I talked to Patricia this morning, and she and Marsha (Hollis) Shepherd are still working in EES for the next month or so.  With their extensive experience within the energy industry, please keep them in mind if anything becomes available within ETS.

Thanks,  Bert

	Sheila, just an FYI.  This is the spreadsheet for ENA on NNG, plus some major interconnect info.  Thanks. Lynn

 

=09Fyi.  Thanks. Lynn

Everyone -- especially Jerry!  The other day on the conference call it was =
mentioned that many transactions dealing with Enron stock had been canceled=
.  I made a transaction to buy Enron stock on the day it closed at $.61; wh=
en I went into the system on Fri. Hewitt showed that that transaction had b=
een canceled; stock was at $.26; a sigh of relief for me.  I have been off =
line since Friday and upon coming back in I was curious about where my norm=
al contributions went.  Imagine my surprise that my transaction had now tak=
en place--I'm only happy that stock has risen.  It is not my habit to check=
 this site very often--we can't live this way--when we see something posted=
 on the system we need to be able to rely on that information!  Does this m=
ake sense?

Jerry:  I know that you said that the problem was in the manpower not the s=
ystem when you spoke on the conference call the other day.  Instead of stat=
ing that the order had been canceled it would be much better to state that =
there was a delay in posting.  I'm assuming that my transaction took place =
at the closing price on the day I made the transaction--I believe that was =
Wed.-- I made the my change before 3pm -- I have not done the math on that =
but, if they did not cover the transaction until Friday and charged the sam=
e price, what happened to the float?

I know that you are very busy and hopefully I have covered what happened to=
 me so that others can check their balances and protect their savings as th=
ey see fit.  I know that you agree this is something that should be reporte=
d and clarified.

Thanks in advance!

	Terry, did we get Dave and Chris' second request done?  If not maybe John could
	work on it.  Thanks. Lynn

Chris,
Here is the information that you were requesting. If you have questions concerning this, please give me a call at (713) 853-6403.
Thank you.

Terry Kowalke

For the period from 11/1/00 thru 3/31/01, we have 151 days.
For Poi 192, we allocated on the following dates:
Jan 14 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 15 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 18 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 20 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 21 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 22 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 23 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 24 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 25 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 26 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 27 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 28 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 29 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 30 2001 12:00AM         
Jan 31 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 1 2001 12:00AM          
Feb 2 2001 12:00AM          
Feb 3 2001 12:00AM          
Feb 9 2001 12:00AM          
Feb 10 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 11 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 12 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 13 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 16 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 17 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 18 2001 12:00AM         
Feb 19 2001 12:00AM

total of 27 days , out of 151 days = 18 %

For Poi 5532,  we did not allocate the point itself.
But we did allocate group 463 on the following days

Mar 14 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 15 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 16 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 18 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 19 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 20 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 21 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 23 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 24 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 25 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 26 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 27 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 28 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 29 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 30 2001 12:00AM         
Mar 31 2001 12:00AM  

total of 16 days, out of 151 days =  10 %

Note: these numbers come out of the posting database, since the TMS allocation database
does not go back to Nov 1, 2000.

	Here is the update from the last meeting we had on the TW OBA issues and possibly making
	some TW imbalance filing changes.  We are to meet next week to review the information that
	has been gathered and consider our next steps.  Thought we could discuss on Friday.  Thanks. Lynn

Mary and I met with Mary Kay regarding the filing for mandatory cash-out at constrained points.  Assuming the historical data will support and demonstrate an operational need, she is on board with this approach.  gh

We held a meeting to discuss the status of TW's 637 Imbalance filing.  Our current position (after discussions about a month ago) has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie.  We discussed again the possibility of making a separate tariff filing to pursue our OBA "wish list" outside the 637 arena and decided again that this type of filing would just get consolidated with our pending 637 filing.

After further discussion we decided that the one thing, most narrowly defined, that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas.  If defined this narrowly, this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data.  We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing.

Glen & Mary are going to discuss with MKM and Teb with Rob.  Lyn & Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe (Ignacio to Blanco, Blanco to Thoreau, Thoreau to the border & check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included) and increased imbalance levels.  We plan to get together next week to discuss further.

Concerning the rest of our OBA "wish list", we are discussing whether to hold meetings with individual protestors to discuss only the Imbalance issues of the filing and work toward a "settlement" position on those issues to have ready in the event of Commission action in this docket.

	Glen, thanks for the quick turnaround.  Lynn

(I have installed a modem and configured Shirleys desktop for dial-in access. This method of access will only be used if her
high speed connection is not available. I've also mapped he drive to access the data on gthou-dv04. She has my number if 
she needs further assistance.

Thanks, Glenn
X31590

The following summarizes the action items we identified in our meeting this afternoon:
Updated the Remedy records for Beverly, Shirley and Mary that they are Work At Home participants; to give their requests high priority; and to assign them to Glenn and Robert, when possible.
Glenn obtained a modem for Shirley and will install it tomorrow when she brings her system in.  He will map the drive (T:\) at the same time.
Sent John the note regarding completing the eRequest for reestablishing VPN access.
Will investigate the CITRIX Server not available message after new access is established and tested.

Please let me know if anything has been overlooked.  Otherwise, we will continue to work the issues above.

Chris
33270

	I am available.  Thanks. Lynn

I'm available.

Stan is having a 1/2 day staff meeting next Wed.  Dec 12 until lunchtime.   Accordingly, I need to reschedule my staff meeting.
Please let me know about your availability to meet from 1-3 PM on Dec. 12 in my office. 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	In reference to this weekend's activity, I contacted Bob Superty as to their plans for nominations and explained that payment must be received today to permit any transportation. My call was returned by Suzanne Calcagno who advised they were not in a position to make payment but hoped to know more next week. I advised that we would require the prepayment and she understood and appreciated our call.

	If any questions arise this weekend, please feel free to contact me.

	My phone numbers are Home - 281-320-2563
                                              Cellular - 281-731-0692

	Regards.

	I agree we need to put this posting out.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Please provide comments to the attached draft posting  "Reminder of Gas Quality Requirements" The goal is to make sure everyone understands there "can be" quality issues - if something occurs, don't want it to be a surprise.

					 << File: pipeline conditions.doc >> 

				
Mary Darveaux
Rates & Tariff ETS 
Enron
mary.darveaux@enron.com

	What are your thoughts on this?  Thanks. Lynn

5% of MDQ daily not monthly

I've talked with Vernon.  I can see Dari's point.  Since I will be out of town 12/11-12/12 when final allocated volumes come out, Vernon will work with Gas Logistics to do a Split Path manual, if necessary, to override the max overrun (OVA) rate with the firm rate.  When I get back, I will create tariff exception(s) reflecting the manuals to keep our records straight.  The MID-to-MID level tiered overrun discount will require manual review each month.  If shipper flows more than 5% overrun overall on any day, discounts may have to be entered at the path level to prevent discounting more overrun than the deal permits.

Affects 2 contracts: 108437 & 108489.  Tiered OVA discounts are currently entered on from several field MIDs to MID 16A, providing a discount on the first 1750/day on 108437 and 3675/day for 108489.
In practice, TAS will discount the first 1750 or 3675/day on each individual path.  If 108489 flows 3000 overrun on each of 2 different MID 1- to MID 16A paths in a day, TAS will apply the discount to a total overrun volume of 6000.

Another Question:  Vernon - Are you wanting to discount overrun equal to up to 5% of the contract MDQ on a daily basis, or on a monthly basis?  For example, on 108489, MDQ=73,500 so 5%=3675.  Is it your intention to discount only up to 3675 overrun each day, or would you discount up to 3675*30=110,250 Overrun for the month, regardless of daily flow levels?

Rita,

Not to complicate things, but, they have authorized overrun on thier contract for up to 5% of the MDQ at the contract rate (demand + commodity).  So there is a rate in the system for overrun as a tiered rate in the authorized overrun classification.  

I wouldn't want to do a discount because of "full rate equivalent" issues. I like the exception better with a note in a file or something to explain it.  But I defer to Steve on this.

Here are my 2 suggestions for the ONEOK dilemma

1) just discount Overrun down to max firm for the days when ONEOK nominated incorrectly and put an explanation of the circumstances in the Comment box.
2) I could create a Tariff Exception on the ONEOK contract for the days in question, setting the Overrun rate equal to the firm rate.  Then it would not look like a discount.  However, there is no way to attach a comment to an exception.

Considerations:
The Transactional report will not pick up a post-dated discount (but this isn't really a discount).
The discount (but not the exception) would show up on the 592 report - but nobody reads that, anyway.
When they nominated as max rate overrun, it got scheduled.  Since they had a right to firm service, they would have been scheduled if they had nominated correctly, so they didn't really get an unfair advantage over other TI.

Steve & Dari - what do you think?
Lynn,

Earlier this month, I noticed that OneOk Field Services incorrectly nominated 100% of their firm commodity as overrun.  I pointed this out to Joe Linhart and he got OneOk to correct it for the balance of the month.  Joe informed me that for the activity that had already been scheduled as overrun prior to that date couldn't be changed without a lot of work and it would be easier for me just to put in an overrun discount to get the invoice to come out correctly.  Since rates are directly linked to our publicly available FERC mandated reporting, I did not think that doctoring our rates would be the best solution either.  

Do you have an idea on another way to correct this or of the two options we have which do you think is the best way to correct this before the commodity invoices go out on the 10th?

Thanks!
Vernon

	John, what did you do with this?  Thanks. Lynn

John, I would like to ask ENA to take this little volume to storage for the remainder of the month.  It looks stranger every day.  What do you think?

Updated 12/5 - ID2
Updated 12/6 - Evening

 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Rick and Lynn,

Raetta and I heard from the mailroom early this afternoon that UPS was suspending service with Enron.  We discussed other options and decided to inquire with UPS or Fed Ex about opening an account thru NNG.

When I contacted UPS, I discovered that UPS is resuming service with Enron today.  The mailroom is aware of the situation.

Larry

	Raetta, would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have
	done with NNG.  Thanks for everyone's help.  Lynn

Please distribute these procedures to the Transwestern Customer Service teams and explain to them the importance of collecting our transportation revenues on time.  If they need further clarification or have questions, please give me a call.

Rick
 

	John, can you work with the Jean Adams and let's get this resolved?  Thanks. Lynn

for what its worth
1. probably need to be very very careful about shifting among or between contracts
2. ecs is not bankrupt..ena is, but may now have dip financing

Lynn, We received a call that indicates Enron Compressor Services is not in Bankruptcy.  The TW gas may need to move on a Enron Compressor Services contract, or we may need to schedule the gas on an ENA receipt contract and cashout the imbalance.  If ENA can not move the gas, the gas that ENA leaves on the system will need to be sold by TW.  Not sure if ENA has a market to move the gas.

The NNG Compressor Services gas is still being scheduled.  2,010 dt/day

James Centilli is working with Mark K. and Greg Porter and may know more.  We need to meet to discuss how this contract goes forward. 

Teb Lokey called to discuss the accounting of the gas given to ENA for the Ele compressors.  

ENA can not transport the gas TW gives them.  

There are a lot of unknowns at this time, I am requesting James Centilli keep us informed of what the new deal will look like.

	
	Ava, please set up a meeting with the following people:

		Shelley Corman
		Rick Dietz
		Elizabeth Brown
		Terry Kowalke
		Lynn Blair

	Timing:	This week - One hour - Make it towards the end of the week

	Topic - Status of the reports on the FERC requirements on the California Marketing reports on
	          Transwestern's pipe.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, I had vacation December 6 and December 10 and planning on the 14th, depending on 
	how Thursday goes.  Thanks. Lynn

Timesheets are due by Friday, December 14th.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(15).doc >> 

	Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement
	group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:

		MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147)
		IES - 87 stations
		Interstate Power - 6 stations
		Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations

	In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send 
	us updates on the following information ASAP:

		1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.

		2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding

		3.  Provide status of November chart information.

	Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time
	frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices.
	As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. 
	This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.

	We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused
	to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let
	Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Larry, who would be two consistent people on each team to cover, Thursday, Friday, Monday and Tuesday?
	Thanks. Lynn

The following people will be out of the office on Dec 13, 14 and 17th:

Dec 13 - South Central:  Debra Joe
	North : Diana, James, Jerry, Nancy, Randy

Dec 14 - South Central: Debra, Joe
	North: Diana, James, Jerry, Kathy

Dec 17 - South Central:  Janet, Robert, Sherry
	North:  Karen, Nancy, Jean, Kathy

Larry

	Raetta, can we do this same report for November.  Thanks. Lynn

	Really a short position not long.

	Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to
	review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001.
	If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know. 

	Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed
	before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn
	 
 	  

	Menu for people working Christmas.
	
	
	Honey smoked Turkey
	Scalloped Potatoes (Steve)
	Green Bean Casserole (Lynn)
	Fruit Salad - (Lynn)
	Vegetable Tray	(Randall's)
	Bread (Randall's)
	Pie

	Mike, what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
This is how I view as my primary daily responsiblities. I think I covered them all. If I think of something else I'll advise.
 
Gas Logistics coordinator for NNG's and TW Storage Activities.
Monitor and report on contract and tariff exceptions (Morning meeting activities) 
Gas Logistic resource for troubleshooting Customer's storage issues involving:
Daily Scheduling
Billing
Third Party Storage
Act as business liason between Marketing/GasLogistics/IT for storage related changes/modifications to information systems
TMS (and SIMS)
CMS/CBS
TAS
CAS  
Execute shipper's request add/terminate Storage Balancing Options(SBS) to Shipper's transport agreements
Prepare TW pnr billing
Business Objects Coordinator
Provide back-up coverage fro John and Terry
Anything other special projects requested by management

	Mary, FYI.  Just wanted to pass this on to you.  Also we will put you on the list so each month you
	will know how much we are billing or if we are billing at all.  Hope this helps.  Thanks. Lynn

Oneok sends Northern helium volumes monthly attached to their Third Party Bushton Allocation Report. Oneok ran a test for November's Production which produced some volume (approximately 1000 mcf per Sherry Rogers /Oneok) to be reflected on their statement for November's production. Market Services will keep you undated each month by e-mail on any actual helium produced at the Bushton Plant.

If you have any questions, please call me at (713) 853-6600.

Harry Woodson   

	FYI.  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

I am in the process of  getting a list together of data elements Gas Logistics would want to have available in a universe. Also, there is an upgrade of Business Objects underway which involves utilization of new server and I have been involved in testing reports using the upgrade.

	Mike, what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
This is how I view as my primary daily responsiblities. I think I covered them all. If I think of something else I'll advise.
 
Gas Logistics coordinator for NNG's and TW Storage Activities.
Monitor and report on contract and tariff exceptions (Morning meeting activities) 
Gas Logistic resource for troubleshooting Customer's storage issues involving:
Daily Scheduling
Billing
Third Party Storage
Act as business liason between Marketing/GasLogistics/IT for storage related changes/modifications to information systems
TMS (and SIMS)
CMS/CBS
TAS
CAS  
Execute shipper's request add/terminate Storage Balancing Options(SBS) to Shipper's transport agreements
Prepare TW pnr billing
Business Objects Coordinator
Provide back-up coverage fro John and Terry
Anything other special projects requested by management

=09Dan, here is the latest list.  I just sent it to you since Randy and LD =
already have it.  We have
=09a call into John Stern about the columns and which ones to use (you prob=
ably already know the
=09answer to that).  Thanks Lynn

Attached is the latest listing of Bushton Universe receipt points with thei=
r corresponding C6+ compositions.

=09=09=20

As you recall this list is to be used with the Bushton Procesing shut down =
plan to determine what receipts may have to be curtailed in the event of a =
shut down of the Bushton processing plant.  Eric Faucheaux is working with =
ETS Measurement Technology to set up a process to regularly update this lis=
t.  In the future these updates will not be emailed, but will be available =
on Optimization website, under Operating Guidelines.

The Optimization team website is at:

=09=09http://www.ets.enron.com/optimization/

A corp id and login are required to access the site.

=09John, I am not as smart as you are.  I did not know the Hexanes are C6+.=
  Thanks for the education.
=09Lynn

Attached is the latest listing of Bushton Universe receipt points with thei=
r corresponding C6+ compositions.

=09=09=20

As you recall this list is to be used with the Bushton Procesing shut down =
plan to determine what receipts may have to be curtailed in the event of a =
shut down of the Bushton processing plant.  Eric Faucheaux is working with =
ETS Measurement Technology to set up a process to regularly update this lis=
t.  In the future these updates will not be emailed, but will be available =
on Optimization website, under Operating Guidelines.

The Optimization team website is at:

=09=09http://www.ets.enron.com/optimization/

A corp id and login are required to access the site.

    Donna, in talking with Larry Stuard, he can give us a demonstration on the new blackberry devices
    if Jean does not have time.  Just thought I would throw that out there if there is an interest.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI, I have reserved some dollars for PDA's or the new blackberry devices.  As soon as Jean gets her blackberry she will demonstrate the features of each device so you can determine what best fits your needs.
Donna
Karon -- please order the following items below.   If you could also provide an ETA of arrival I'll let the users know.

I have alreay met with Scott and he approved all purchases.

Thanks.  Jean

NNG MARKET SERVICES 

15" flat panels 

1     John Buchanan 

1     Terry Kowalkie 

2     Gary Spraggins (and card) 

2     Daryl Schoolcraft (and card) 

2     Amy Mulligan (and card) 

Networked Color Printer for Debbie Moore $3500.00  She needs to print 17x11. PLEASE VERIFY THIS REQUIREMENT!!!

Local standard printer for Gina Taylor - $1,500.  

=09FYI - The column "Hexanes" is the C6+ column to review.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the latest listing of Bushton Universe receipt points with thei=
r corresponding C6+ compositions.

=09=09=20

As you recall this list is to be used with the Bushton Procesing shut down =
plan to determine what receipts may have to be curtailed in the event of a =
shut down of the Bushton processing plant.  Eric Faucheaux is working with =
ETS Measurement Technology to set up a process to regularly update this lis=
t.  In the future these updates will not be emailed, but will be available =
on Optimization website, under Operating Guidelines.

The Optimization team website is at:

=09=09http://www.ets.enron.com/optimization/

A corp id and login are required to access the site.

	Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:00 a.m. to
	talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day.  I would appreciate
	your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report.

	Thanks. Lynn

	I apologize, but I need to reschedule this meeting for next Monday morning
	at 9:00.  Does that work for you guys?  Thanks. Lynn

	Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow (Thursday) at 9:00 a.m. to
	talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day.  I would appreciate
	your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Do you know what this is about?  Thanks. Lynn

Randy Howard has requested that I reach each of you to set up a conference call regarding the Tate Issue.  He wants to know if you would be available this afternoon around 2:00 or tomorrow morning around 9:00.  If you could e-mail me and let me know what will work best for you, I'd appreciate it.  As soon as we hear from everyone, I'll send out another e-mail to give the details.

Thanks,
Shana Farrow
620-626-2210

	Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn

Today at 2:00 is fine for me.

Jerry

Randy Howard has requested that I reach each of you to set up a conference call regarding the Tate Issue.  He wants to know if you would be available this afternoon around 2:00 or tomorrow morning around 9:00.  If you could e-mail me and let me know what will work best for you, I'd appreciate it.  As soon as we hear from everyone, I'll send out another e-mail to give the details.

Thanks,
Shana Farrow
620-626-2210

	Jerry, Penny, Steve and Gary, we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call
	if you like.  Thanks. Lynn

It sounds like tomorrow at 9:00 AM will work. Please let us know the code to dial in on when you get it set up.

Jerry

	Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn

Today at 2:00 is fine for me.

Jerry

Randy Howard has requested that I reach each of you to set up a conference call regarding the Tate Issue.  He wants to know if you would be available this afternoon around 2:00 or tomorrow morning around 9:00.  If you could e-mail me and let me know what will work best for you, I'd appreciate it.  As soon as we hear from everyone, I'll send out another e-mail to give the details.

Thanks,
Shana Farrow
620-626-2210

	Mike, sorry I am so late in sending this back.  Looks great to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Steve, Steve, and Lynn-

Attached is a draft of our discussions from this morning for distribution to the parties.

Please provide your input & comments.

Mike

 << File: NNGSLA.doc >> 

	Jerry, Penny, Steve and John, you can use my office to make the call.  I will be out this afternoon
	but John Buchanan will sit in for me.  Thanks. Lynn

Here's an update on the conference call:

Date: 12/14/2001
Time:  2:00
Dial In #: 877-795-3687
Code:  527928

If you have any questions give me call.

Thanks,
Shana
620-626-2110
The conference call has been set for 9:00 tomorrow (Dec 14).  The information is as follows:

Dial In #-877-795-3687
Code:  527928

If you have any questions don't hesitate to call.

Thanks,
Shana Farrow
620-626-2210

	Jerry, Penny, Steve and Gary, we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call
	if you like.  Thanks. Lynn

It sounds like tomorrow at 9:00 AM will work. Please let us know the code to dial in on when you get it set up.

Jerry

	Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn

Today at 2:00 is fine for me.

Jerry

Randy Howard has requested that I reach each of you to set up a conference call regarding the Tate Issue.  He wants to know if you would be available this afternoon around 2:00 or tomorrow morning around 9:00.  If you could e-mail me and let me know what will work best for you, I'd appreciate it.  As soon as we hear from everyone, I'll send out another e-mail to give the details.

Thanks,
Shana Farrow
620-626-2210

	Harry and Gary, is this shortage helping the existing imbalance?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the Bushton Balance through December 14th, 2001. The scheduled PVR was short for three consecutive gasdays beginning December 12th through the 14th.  If you have any questions, please call me @ (713) 853-6600.

Thanks,
Harry Woodson

 << File: Dec14.pdf >> 

	Jodie, FYI.  You need to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

Gas Measurement Services and Field Measurement Services identified and evaluated options/requirements to generate daily volume information for all NNG meters.  The attached file contains a listing and description of the options evaluated along with short term and long term recommendations for achieving the daily volume objective.

A video conference has been scheduled for Monday, December 17th from 1:00 to 3:00 p.m. to review and discuss the attached proposal.  Attendees in Houston will meet in EB49C2 and attendees in Omaha will meet in 7C2.  A conference bridge has been set up for those who will not be in the Omaha or Houston offices.  The conference bridge number is 877-232-4392, code #401353.  Only a limited number of ports are available, so please try to participate in one of the video conference rooms if possible.

Thanks,
Charlie

   

	
	Shelley, attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday.
	This will be a two phase approach.  We (Sheila, Fran and I) will talk with the teams on Wednesday
	reviewing a high level plan.  Then we will put the teams into groups to talk about 5 topics we picked
	from the NNG meeting. Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan.

	Fran and I are meeting again tomorrow (Tuesday) at 3:30 if you want to join us or
	have comments.  

			 

	Thanks. Lynn

	Transco/Williams says the $700,000 they owe NNG has been processed and
	should be wired by Tuesday.  We will let you know if anything changes.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Raetta, can you followup with Joe to be sure all the basis are covered.  Thanks. Lynn

Joe,

As discussed, please repath January 2001 for contract 101559.  I have input the rates on the invoice that Jeff Nielsen said he agreed to.  However, there are certain paths for the same period of time that Oneok indicated different rates for each.  They should be consistent so I input one rate for all paths on a Mid to Mid basis.  Therefore, after you repath the invoice, we will still have a difference.  I want to write-off whatever balance still exists after repathing.  Please prepare the write-off documentation and I will sign.  We need to be sure to do this before we go into next year.  Also, this is the only invoice you have provided me that had issues on this contract which I find hard to believe.   Can you double-check to see that there are no other A/R issues for this IT contract and let me know ASAP.

Thanks!
Vernon

	Harry, I am fine with working off the imbalance because I think it is helping Gary and Steve,
	but I want to be sure it does not go the other way.  Please watch and let me know when
	we net to zero (0).  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, currently the Bushton Imbalance through October 2001 reflects a volume of 76,862 MMBTUs and a dollar amount of $757,607.21 due Oneok (Oneok long to Northern).  Currently, the month to date volume for December shows Oneok short to Northern by 45,904 MMBTUs.  Continuing with this trend, Oneok will reduce the imbalance amount Northern owes them.
If you have any questions, please call me.

Harry Woodson
  

	Harry and Gary, is this shortage helping the existing imbalance?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the Bushton Balance through December 14th, 2001. The scheduled PVR was short for three consecutive gasdays beginning December 12th through the 14th.  If you have any questions, please call me @ (713) 853-6600.

Thanks,
Harry Woodson

 << File: Dec14.pdf >> 

	Sherry does it matter that 12/23 is on a Sunday?  Thanks. Lynn

Just heard from Kurt -- he signed off on these a couple of weeks ago, and Sandy King advises these are set to be paid with the next run (12/23) SO, it appears we will be able to clear these invoices with no difficulty.  

Nice way to start a Monday!

Lisa, per our telecon this morning, I left a voicemail for Kurt Batenhorst (BP Canada) to determine the status of the payments for the PPAs for December 2000 through April 2001.  Kurt is in Calgary this week and will be returning to the office on Monday, the 17th.

Will update as soon as I talk to him on Monday.  The total is $5,443.08.

    FYI.  We are in the process of determining who will be the auditors in the future since that is
    a requirement in a regulated environment.  Thanks. Lynn
Late yesterday afternoon, Arthur Andersen was asked to leave the Enron building in an orderly fashion.  We, and our staffs, are not allowed to communicate with them.

Ava, thanks for your quick reply.  Lynn

Lynn, I have deleted Shelley Corman from the phone burst.

Thanks,
Ava

	
	John and Terry, can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily
	update list.  She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry.  

	If you can think of any other lists, let me know. (What about the Bushton info, is she 
	on that list?)

	Thanks for the help.  Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

All of the MidAmerican corrections for October have been made with the exception of 0737181-01,0737021-01, & 0737021-02. The charts were never received form these locations. Dan Boswell has been out of the office due to his Father's death but should be back tomorrow. We'll get a handle on the other outstanding PPAs this week.
Thanks-
Gary

	Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement
	group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:

		MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147)
		IES - 87 stations
		Interstate Power - 6 stations
		Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations

	In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send 
	us updates on the following information ASAP:

		1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.

		2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding

		3.  Provide status of November chart information.

	Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time
	frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices.
	As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. 
	This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.

	We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused
	to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let
	Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn

Gary, thanks for the update.  Please let me know when you have info on the other information and the
	status of November.  I appreciate all your help. Lynn

All of the MidAmerican corrections for October have been made with the exception of 0737181-01,0737021-01, & 0737021-02. The charts were never received form these locations. Dan Boswell has been out of the office due to his Father's death but should be back tomorrow. We'll get a handle on the other outstanding PPAs this week.
Thanks-
Gary

	Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement
	group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:

		MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147)
		IES - 87 stations
		Interstate Power - 6 stations
		Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations

	In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send 
	us updates on the following information ASAP:

		1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.

		2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding

		3.  Provide status of November chart information.

	Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time
	frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices.
	As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. 
	This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.

	We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused
	to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let
	Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Terry, if you get this message in Steve's staff meeting, please tell him
	Rick has the list of Capacity release and Agency agreements with ENA
	that make up the $553,000 Nov. invoice.  Thanks. Lynn

	Joe, I believe you were on comp day for commodity close.  Was there something you
	had planned and not able to be here for close?  Since you are becoming very critical
	to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties, I was concerned that you were
	not hear?

	Thanks. Lynn

        FYI.  Just to let you know, Shelley is trying to minimize emails she gets to preserve space on her
        Blackberry.  But wanted to keep you in the loop in case you needed to send her something.  Thanks. Lynn
Shelley requested that I send an email asking that you send all email correspondence to her Compuserve email account while she is out of the office for the next couple of weeks.  Accessing her Compuserve account is much easier and faster than accessing mail.enron.com.
 
The address is:
cormanerb@cs.com <mailto:cormanerb@cs.com>
 
Please forward on to your team as you see fit.  If you have any questions please call me on my cell phone at 713-859-6238.
 
Thanks, 
Jean

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Below is an Excel spreadsheet that shows all outstanding November 2001 TW transportation invoices mailed to ENA on 12/03/01 in which they were designated as the payor.  Of the $569,434.56 invoiced, $213,603.58 was through our capacity release program as the acquiring shipper for two Citizens Communications Company contracts.  Another $226,350.00 was for ENA acting as agent for Eastern New Mexico Gas Association, Enervest San Juan Operating, LLC, and the Southern Ute Indian Tribe.  The remaining $129,480.98 is for their own contracts with TW.  Please see the attached schedule for the details.

Citizens is aware of their accountability for ultimate payment of the demand portion of the contracts in which they released capacity.

Rick

 

	Sounds good to me.  Thanks. Lynn

I'm ok with it. I have forwarded to Lynn to make sure she is ok with  it also. sj

Lincoln Electric System (LES) would like us to set out in writing what a delivery point operator is.  LES is constructing and owning a new TBS (LES TBS #1) to their new power plant near Lincoln.  Apparently, having a letter setting this out is very important to them.  Dari has developed the attached letter and wanted to run it by you all for your approval.  Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any issues with the letter.  Thanks!

Janet
x-7141

 << File: LESTBS1DELIVE~3.doc >> 

	Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning.  You can just update
	information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting.

	Stan will NOT have a staff meeting next week, December 24th.

			 

	If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Chris, I only got info on the Mid Am Oct. charts.  I talked to Gary again yesterday and
	ask for more information.  Hopefully I'll have something today.  Have you already
	sent your letter to Alliant?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, any update yet from Gary or Caroline as to the updates you requested in your December 11 email?  I am finalizing a letter to Alliant and would like to provide them with an expectation as to the October PPA's.  Specifically, will all the October charts be corrected?

Further, Alliant wants Gas Logistics to tag the PPA's.  Specifically, Alliant requested the differences are identified by gate and amount of change.  Is this possible?

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

	Great job.  Thank you for staying with this.  I know you guys are up to the challenge to keep it at
	zero (0) to the end of the month.  Thanks.  Lynn

Thanks Joe good job.

JWB

	

                  The imbalance that NNG owed West Texas Utilities has been made up through the 16th. We will try to stay even with them
                   the rest of the month.  I will be working with the marketer at AEP on a daily basis to evaluate each day of flow.

                  Joe

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, 
I have confirmed with TGPL that the $490,440.00 payment should be wired to you tomorrow.  Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Thanks, Erin 
Erin Robinson 
Williams Energy, Marketing & Trading 
Gas & Power Operations Accounting 
Phone:  (918) 573-5445 
Fax:  (918) 573-1965 

	Erin, thank you very much for your assistance in this effort.  We appreciate your
	quick turnaround.  Thanks. Lynn 

	Lynn Blair 
	Northern Natural Gas Co.
	Gas Logistics
	Phone: 	(713) 853-7637.  
	Fax:	(713) 646-8000

Lynn, 
I have confirmed with TGPL that the $490,440.00 payment should be wired to you tomorrow.  Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Thanks, Erin 
Erin Robinson 
Williams Energy, Marketing & Trading 
Gas & Power Operations Accounting 
Phone:  (918) 573-5445 
Fax:  (918) 573-1965 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

With yesterday's e-mail outage behind us, I think we need to investigate the ability to keep outbound TMS messages and Critical Notices flowing during these periods of virus infiltration.  TMS generates cut notices after each scheduling cycle and with extended outages of mailman.enron.com, we are losing a critical channel of communication to customers.  Customers rely on these messages to inform them of business changes.  In addition, ETS critical notices generated by X-12 cannot be sent out during these periods.  They are called "critical notices" because of the immediacy of when a customer needs to react.   

I do think we need to know the following:  

1.  Could a message generated by TMS cause further infection of the e-mail systems?
2.  Can the critical notices cause further infection of Enron's e-mail systems?    
3.  Is it possible to keep outbound messages from systems other than Exchange flowing during virus interruptions?  

This is a significant reliability issue and ETS customer communications were disrupted for approximately 8 hours yesterday.  Please let me know how we should proceed. 

 

	Ava, I don't have any vacation planned.  Thanks. Lynn

Please have timesheets turned in by Monday December 31st.

Thanks,
Ava

 << File: BlankTimesheet(30).doc >> 

	
	Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close.  Who was reviewing
	the stack of reports on your desk?  Did we properly have the bases covered with
	you out?  Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Meeting 1
Topic:		SLA 
Date:		Thursday, December 20
Time:		9:00 AM-Noon	
Location:	OMA696/HOU42C2
Participants:	Lynn Blair, Steve January, Steve Kirk, Mike McGowan, Kent Miller, Mary Kay Miller, Dave Neubauer

Meeting 2
Topic:		SLA 
Date:		Thursday, December 20
Time:		1:00 PM
Location:	OMA648
Participants:	Lynn Blair, Steve January, Steve Kirk, Mike McGowan

	Raetta, can you follow up on the Flowing gas reports.  Thanks. Lynn

All testing was completed.  We have confirmed with the ENW Resolution Center that the Exchange servers are up.  However, the Flow Gas testing was unsuccessful.  We logged into the system successfully, but received an error message when selecting the NNG Invoice.  We paged the NNG Accounting On-call pager.  We will forward updates as they are received.

	Gary, thanks for the update.  Please keep us posted as we complete the PPA's.  I appreciate
	your help on this effort.  Thanks. Lynn

 Just a follow up on this issue. Most of the October PPAs have been processed with a few exceptions. Hopefully, all will be complete at the end of this week. We are still working on finding a way to systematically identify the late charts. I'll keep you advised of the progress on that front.
 Have a safe holiday !
Gary.

All of the MidAmerican corrections for October have been made with the exception of 0737181-01,0737021-01, & 0737021-02. The charts were never received form these locations. Dan Boswell has been out of the office due to his Father's death but should be back tomorrow. We'll get a handle on the other outstanding PPAs this week.
Thanks-
Gary

	Gary and Caroline, as of today, we have emailed a list by station (7 and/or 16 day charts) to the measurement
	group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers:

		MidAmerican - 147 stations (It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147)
		IES - 87 stations
		Interstate Power - 6 stations
		Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations

	In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected, we would like for Measurement to send 
	us updates on the following information ASAP:

		1.  Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October.

		2.  How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding

		3.  Provide status of November chart information.

	Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time
	frame for the first prior period run.  This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices.
	As you 	find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. 
	This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts.

	We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused
	to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing.  If you have any questions, please let
	Rick or I know.  Thanks. Lynn

Tim and Gary,  Please review the attached spreadsheet for the hourly rates over the contractual limits.  If you have any questions give myself or Dale a call.  Thanks to Dale for the info.  j.  floyd	

Jodie,

Jodie,

The attached file contains the LS Power Whitewater's hourly rate from 12/20/01 to 6/17/01.  If you need data prior to 6/17/01 we will have retrieve it from microfiche.  The file has a column for the scan hour, hourly rate, and a YES if the hour exceeded 1900.0 mcf per hour.  If you have any questions call me at x31534

Dale  

 

	Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Can you please check into BP Canada injecting more than their FDD contract quantity.  What can be done now.  What processes do we need to put in place to prevent that from happening in the future?

Thanks,

Sue

Attached is the latest FDD status report as of December 19th.

Tabs showing FDD activity for this time period for the last three years is also included.

The GIP contracts should be at 89.90% to be on target to get to the max allowable contract quantity for the end of December.  The max target amount for GIP accounts by the end of December is 83.5%.  The average remaining balance for all GIP contracts is 95%.  To get to the tariff limit of 83.5% by Jan 1st, the GIP contracts will have to withdrawal about 1.8 Bcf, or 150 mmcfd, over the next 12 days.

The 3-step & 4-step do not have a minimum requirement to be met by the end of December since minimum withdrawals for Nov/Dec is zero.

The last report stated that Entergy-Koch had switched to GIP from 4-step.  This was in error.  They are still in the 4-step process.

BP Canada has injected 101.16% of their contract amount.  They have 2,125,406 of GIP on a contract of 2,100,932.

The percentage break out by service is GIP - 34.5%, 4-Step - 45.9%, and 3-Step - 19.5%.

Overall FDD is 94.36% full.

If you have any questions, please call me.

Steve Thomas
Gas Storage Manager
402-398-7468

 

	Chris, I have this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

A conference call has been scheduled for Thursday, December 27, 2002 at 2:30 PM to review the measurement data Alliant would like to have access to electronically and the data Northern can provide.  I will initiate the call.  Please let me know if your schedules change.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

	Sue, we have looked at an automated way to take care of this issue.  So far we have not
	found an exceptable change.   It is a timing issue with true ups from the previous day
	which are not completed before the current day calcuations are done.  It is an item we 
	are manually monitoring today, but we are continuing to look for a better method.
	Thanks.  Lynn 

Yes. I have been monitoring BP's FDD balance. Sherry and Chris have been working with someone at BP, filling in for the regular vacationing BP scheduler, and who is unfamiliar with FDD service. Chris and Sherry have taken the over scheduled FDD and rescheduled it into BP's IDD account. Currently BP's FDD is within contract parameters and I will continue to monitor all FDD balances.

	Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Can you please check into BP Canada injecting more than their FDD contract quantity.  What can be done now.  What processes do we need to put in place to prevent that from happening in the future?

Thanks,

Sue

Attached is the latest FDD status report as of December 19th.

Tabs showing FDD activity for this time period for the last three years is also included.

The GIP contracts should be at 89.90% to be on target to get to the max allowable contract quantity for the end of December.  The max target amount for GIP accounts by the end of December is 83.5%.  The average remaining balance for all GIP contracts is 95%.  To get to the tariff limit of 83.5% by Jan 1st, the GIP contracts will have to withdrawal about 1.8 Bcf, or 150 mmcfd, over the next 12 days.

The 3-step & 4-step do not have a minimum requirement to be met by the end of December since minimum withdrawals for Nov/Dec is zero.

The last report stated that Entergy-Koch had switched to GIP from 4-step.  This was in error.  They are still in the 4-step process.

BP Canada has injected 101.16% of their contract amount.  They have 2,125,406 of GIP on a contract of 2,100,932.

The percentage break out by service is GIP - 34.5%, 4-Step - 45.9%, and 3-Step - 19.5%.

Overall FDD is 94.36% full.

If you have any questions, please call me.

Steve Thomas
Gas Storage Manager
402-398-7468

 << File: FDDDEC2001 12_19_01.xls >> 

	Mike, enjoyed the visit in Omaha.  See you in January.  Thanks. Lynn

Steve and Lynn - Both of you got away before I could wish you each a very merry Christmas.  I also wanted to thank you for traveling to Omaha for the meeting yesterday.   I really appreciated it and your contributions to the meeting.  I am looking forward to working with you both o this project.

You and your families all have a GREAT Holiday season!!!

Mike McGowan

	Lou, Gas Logistics (Shelley Corman's Group) performs the following services. 
	Where do these fall in your list of services in the Service Agreement? 
		Transportation Contract Services
		Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling Services
		Gas Accounting (Billing of Transport)
		Commercial Support of Systems (working with the IT group)
		Gas Control (this was included in your list)
	If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Thanks. Lynn (Ext. 3-7637)

attached please find two agreements - a draft of a mutual services agmt and an employment agmt.  These are drafts to stimulate discussion and comments.  They need to be cleaned up and tightened and in some cases filled in entirely.  There may well be significant changes in approach so do not become too caught up in the minor matters

Let me and Colleen know your thgts....

Have a great Christmas

 

	Vernon, the way the accounting system works today:  Dec. 1 - 20 flow will be attributed  to the
	contract that nominated at that point for the 21 through 31.  This automaticall happens if there
	is no OBA at the point and if there is only one contract nominated at the point.  If we do not want
	that to happen, we need to discuss our options. Thanks. Lynn 

Yes, we were successful in getting a transporter to step in.  This starts tomorrow - however I am in talks with regulatory on what to do on the days between 12/3 - 12/20.  Also, we are not going to grant an OBA at this point at this time.

Thanks!

West Texas Gas is transporting this gas for Embassy.  Thanks for everyone's help in getting this issue resolved.

Jean

Vernon, 
Warrior Gas Company contact is Robert C. (Bob) Lyon - phone 915-688-3838

John Wollaston with Embassy is requesting that you send him a pro forma OBA for his review - his e-mail is: embassy9@home.com

Vernon, Embassy is getting lined out for January business.  They just got caught in the middle of the ENA fallout, but they are anxious to get a resolution for December in place.  Thanks for your help.

Jean

The volumes were scheduled for the 1st and 2nd only, then the nomination was removed and scheduled to 0. The point continues to flow without a nom or scheduled volume.

John

Have a phone number or contact at Warrior?  

Also, we will need to talk about what has transpired between the 3rd and now.  Jean told me yesterday that even though there is no nom we are scheduling and delivering gas to this POI under a dead contract (ENA's).   We should not be doing this.  This will cause DDVC penalties et al.  Until we have a contract for transport with someone - we shouldn't just flow gas.

Jean, work with Vernon on this it is up to him to negotiate the contracts.

John

John,  After we spoke this afternoon I had another call from John Wollaston @ Embassy Natural Gas.  He spoke with Warrior Gas, a Clayton Williams company, which is the gas supplier and they are willing to assume the responsibility for the transport at POI 4879.  Let me know how to proceed, if this is a viable option. Do we want to set up a contract with Warrior Gas?  Do we want to establish and OBA for this point with Embassy - Mr. Wollaston mentioned the OBA possibility.  The deal with Sid Richardson is probably not going to happen.

I couldn't find a contract for Warrior or Clayton Williams on NNG.

Let's talk tomorrow.

Thanks,
Jean

Jean,

This is outstanding information gathering!  Any time you can get this much detail it sure helps us in our commercial efforts.

Good Job!
Vernon

Jean,

Thanks for the contact. I have passed this on to Vernon Mercaldo to see what interest they might have in holding their own upstream transportation.

Thanks, Mike

Mike,

Embassy Natural Gas is the operator for POI 4879 - Vantage Plainview.  John Wollaston is the contact 915-685-4103.  Embassy purchased gas from ENA (2,500 dth/day) to service Azteca Milling, LP - This is a $250 million  plant that mills flour for tortillas - one of the largest employers in Midland, TX.  

ENA was transporting the gas on their contract for Embassy.  They had a hedging deal : TOK index plus 15cents ($2.08 + .15) - present day ($2.95).  He is concerned that he will have to go out and pay more $ for gas.  I  put him in touch with Kevin Brady (3-7750) with ENA and Kevin gave him the marketer Jason Williams (3-1929) to contact about Embassy getting in touch with the upstream supplier for ENA so that they could perhaps buy the gas directly and hopefully at the same price.

I don't know the outcome of their conversation.

I thought your group might be able to help him.  I have not mentioned this possiblilty to him.  Would you let me know if you plan to pursue?

Call me if you have questions.

Jean
3-7757

	Robert, I would like to give all four tickets to Cynthia for this round since
	you will be spending time with Duke next week at the Winter Ops meeting.
	Will catch you on the next round.
	Cynthia come by and get the tickets.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I'll take a later game.  I did need 4 tickets.  Thank you for considering me for the tickets!

	OK, here is what I have:
		For Wednesday, September 12 - Cynthia and Renee (NGPL) (2 tickets)
		For Wednesday, September 12 - Robert and Duke (2 tickets)
		For Thursday, September 13 - Bert and Texaco (4 tickets)

	Cynthia I am assuming you only wanted 2 tickets.  If that is not correct let me
	know and we can give one of you the 12th and the other a later game.

	Thanks. Lynn	

	
	I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13
	for the Astros vs Giants.  If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please
	let me know by Wednesday, September 5th.  Thanks. Lynn

	Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation.
	Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed
	as we needed.  Just wanted to follow up.  I would be glad to visit with you about
	this if we need.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

The attached list are outstanding receivables associated with the Central Region group that have occurred prior to December 2000. I would request that these receivables get written off in order to clean up the books. Total value $11,783.70.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give me a call. 

 

	
	We finally found the right person in the KN Energy organization for the 18 dth Carlton Obligation.

	KN will nominate today for Gas Day 26th going forward.  We told KN that they will have a penalty
	of $25.00 per dth for each day they did not nominate.  18 dth x 25.00 = $450/day x 3 days = $1350.

	We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday.  We left messages at 
	3 different offices.  KN admitted to seeing the posting but "did not understand" the obligation
	and they did not call for clarification.

	If you have any questions, please let John (Ext. 7429) or I (Ext. 7637) know.  Thanks. Lynn

	

	Rick, here is Jodie's Mid Year review.  Thanks. Lynn

			 

Please email me a copy of Jodie Floyd's mid-year 2001 performance evaluation.  I would like to update it for year end.  Thanks.

Rick

	Dari, looks good to me.  Harry, do you have any comments?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached please find a draft settlement agreement for the September 12 - 17 dispute.  Please let me have your comments ASAP.  We need to fax this on Friday.  Dari

 << File: Oneok Settlement re incident of September 12 - 17.doc >> 

	FYI. Thanks. Lynn
Please Note:

POI 1309 ( NNG Beaver) will start up their processing plant on Tuesday January 1, 2002.

If you have any questions, please contact me at (713)853-6816.

Thanks

Robert

	Team, I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list.  With Renee leaving and
	Pat still on a learning curve, I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input.  I did not
	spend a lot of time on interconnects, so you may want to look at those closely.  I did talk with John,
	Terry, Raetta and Larry for input.  Please review, discuss and set up some time to visit with me about
	your comments.  Thanks. Lynn

 

	John, what is the status of these todo's?  Thanks. Lynn

The following summarizes the action items we identified in our meeting this afternoon:
Updated the Remedy records for Beverly, Shirley and Mary that they are Work At Home participants; to give their requests high priority; and to assign them to Glenn and Robert, when possible.
Glenn obtained a modem for Shirley and will install it tomorrow when she brings her system in.  He will map the drive (T:\) at the same time.
Sent John the note regarding completing the eRequest for reestablishing VPN access.
Will investigate the CITRIX Server not available message after new access is established and tested.

Please let me know if anything has been overlooked.  Otherwise, we will continue to work the issues above.

Chris
33270

	Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the
	books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn

So the settlement number will be 8,624.50 MMBtu.

Dari,

Listed below are the volumes from plant PTR and NNG calculated PTR based on inlet/outlet measurement for September 12 - 17.  The Plant PTR values were obtained from a letter from ONEOK  to Harry Woodson dated November 1, 2001.  This information may help in determining the settlement volume for this time period.

Date		Plant PTR		NNG PTR		Difference
9/12/2001	88,335			90,910			2,575
9/13/2001	92,175			95,968			3,793
9/14/2001	93,525			96,151			2,626
9/15/2001	95,422			98,994			3,572
9/16/2001	96,881			98,783			1,902
9/17/2001	92,584			95,365			2,781
						TOTAL	          17,249		
Attached please find a draft settlement agreement for the September 12 - 17 dispute.  Please let me have your comments ASAP.  We need to fax this on Friday.  Dari

 << File: Oneok Settlement re incident of September 12 - 17.doc >> 

	Harry and I agree.  The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with.  Thanks. Lynn

Charlie,

I agree. The settlement is an agreed upon measurement number. Not an agreed upon difference.

Charlie sent me the following message.
"If the intent is to calculate the average between the two sets of numbers (NNG's vs ONEOK's) the "settlement number" would be 567,546.5!"
As the settlement document states that the blank number is what we are going to use for "PTR", I think Charlie is correct.  His number takes the average between the Plant PTR calculation and Northern's number.

	Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the
	books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn

So the settlement number will be 8,624.50 MMBtu.

Dari,

Listed below are the volumes from plant PTR and NNG calculated PTR based on inlet/outlet measurement for September 12 - 17.  The Plant PTR values were obtained from a letter from ONEOK  to Harry Woodson dated November 1, 2001.  This information may help in determining the settlement volume for this time period.

Date		Plant PTR		NNG PTR		Difference
9/12/2001	88,335			90,910			2,575
9/13/2001	92,175			95,968			3,793
9/14/2001	93,525			96,151			2,626
9/15/2001	95,422			98,994			3,572
9/16/2001	96,881			98,783			1,902
9/17/2001	92,584			95,365			2,781
						TOTAL	          17,249		
Attached please find a draft settlement agreement for the September 12 - 17 dispute.  Please let me have your comments ASAP.  We need to fax this on Friday.  Dari

 << File: Oneok Settlement re incident of September 12 - 17.doc >> 

	John, thank you for the update.  Sheila, just an FYI to keep you in the loop on working from home
	issues.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,
Remedy has been updated to give home office workers a high priority and to be assigned to Glenn or Robert when possible.

Glenn did install a modem in Shirley's machine.

There is still some issue with the CITRIX Server and VPN access, the solution center believes the problem is on the Road Runner side and Jean McFarland is working on it. Everyone is working from home with little to no problems despite the CITRIX issue. 

John Buchanan

	John, what is the status of these todo's?  Thanks. Lynn

The following summarizes the action items we identified in our meeting this afternoon:
Updated the Remedy records for Beverly, Shirley and Mary that they are Work At Home participants; to give their requests high priority; and to assign them to Glenn and Robert, when possible.
Glenn obtained a modem for Shirley and will install it tomorrow when she brings her system in.  He will map the drive (T:\) at the same time.
Sent John the note regarding completing the eRequest for reestablishing VPN access.
Will investigate the CITRIX Server not available message after new access is established and tested.

Please let me know if anything has been overlooked.  Otherwise, we will continue to work the issues above.

Chris
33270

	Karen and Shirley, great update message.  Thanks for being proactive and putting
	this out for us.  Lynn

Just to let you know that everything ran smoothly with ID#2 for 9/18 and the evening cycle for 9/19.  We had no problems with NBPL.

ANR's nom for 9/18 for Janesville was 107,917mmbtu and gas control asked them for a little extra gas.  The flow rate was between 113,000 - 115,000mmbtu.

No problem either with printing the "scheduled volumes" report from business objects for gas control.

Karen & Shirley

Karen A. Clapper
Enron Gas Logistics - NNG
karen.clapper@enron.com
Ph:  713-853-6735
Fx:  713-646-8000

    I'll call Dari and have her put the rounded number in.  Thanks. Lynn

I know this is trivial, but, I don't believe we can actually settle on a .5 MMBtu and enter a fractional volume into GVA or TAS.   I would suggest using 8,625.
        Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the 
        books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn 

So the settlement number will be 8,624.50 MMBtu. 

Dari, 

Listed below are the volumes from plant PTR and NNG calculated PTR based on inlet/outlet measurement for September 12 - 17.  The Plant PTR values were obtained from a letter from ONEOK  to Harry Woodson dated November 1, 2001.  This information may help in determining the settlement volume for this time period.

Date            Plant PTR               NNG PTR         Difference 
9/12/2001       88,335                  90,910                  2,575 
9/13/2001       92,175                  95,968                  3,793 
9/14/2001       93,525                  96,151                  2,626 
9/15/2001       95,422                  98,994                  3,572 
9/16/2001       96,881                  98,783                  1,902 
9/17/2001       92,584                  95,365                  2,781 
                                                TOTAL             17,249                

Attached please find a draft settlement agreement for the September 12 - 17 dispute.  Please let me have your comments ASAP.  We need to fax this on Friday.  Dari

 << File: Oneok Settlement re incident of September 12 - 17.doc >> 

	Rick, I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference (typical woman)
	Call me.  Lynn (713) 853-7637

	
	Here is Cynthia's Mid year.  Thanks. Lynn

			 

	Ava, MaryLou does NOT get differential pay.  Thanks. Lynn

this memo was sent to Miranda.

Thanks
Ava

The following people should receive differential pay for the month of January, Jean Blair, North team and Amy Mulligan, Transwestern.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

		Ava, that will be fine.  Let's be sure we get the SGA squared away today.
		I have a doctor's appointment this morning.  I will be back by 10:30.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, would it be okay if I took 1/2 day vacation on Monday, December 31st.

Thanks,
Ava

	I want to remind everyone when NNG calls on the Carlton Resolution, we can NOT
	allow ANY deliveries at Carlton.  

	At each cycle, please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton
	and let Steve, Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations.  At that
	point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero (0).

	If you have any questions, or we need to discuss further, please let me know.
	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Stan and Danny, here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control
	activity.  I will send you an update again on Wednesday (Jan. 2).  Have a great weekend.

				 

	Please give me call if you have any questions.  (Ext. 7637) Thanks. Lynn

	Good job of staying with this.  Thanks for all your help.  Lynn

Update:  This morning I visited with Laura Rupp to check on the status of this payment and she reported this was sent 12/21.  This afternoon I received a check from BP Canada in the amount of $5,443.08 which represents payment in full for these PPAs.  This should clear City of Duluth's A/R.

I cannot believe I am so excited about getting money I have no control over!

Just heard from Kurt -- he signed off on these a couple of weeks ago, and Sandy King advises these are set to be paid with the next run (12/23) SO, it appears we will be able to clear these invoices with no difficulty.  

Nice way to start a Monday!

Lisa, per our telecon this morning, I left a voicemail for Kurt Batenhorst (BP Canada) to determine the status of the payments for the PPAs for December 2000 through April 2001.  Kurt is in Calgary this week and will be returning to the office on Monday, the 17th.

Will update as soon as I talk to him on Monday.  The total is $5,443.08.

	
	John, attached is Chris' review.  Thanks for the help.  Lynn

			 

	In talking with Fran we need to have Written Reviews to HR by COB January 2, 2002.  The reviews
	do not need to be signed by either party.  We can start communicating reviews to the employees
	at any time.  But there should be no discussion on bonus or merit until they are finalized on or
	around January 18.  Thanks. Lynn

Let me clarify a point about the Performance Evaluation due dates:

The written reviews are due in HR by January 2 (not signed off by employee)

You ARE NOT required to have completed all your employee review meetings by January 2

You can start discussions as soon as you have completed the reviews, but the discussion should focus around performance.

No variable pay or merit discussions should take place in the performance review meeting.  Those will take place on or around January 18.

Please call with any questions.

Thanks and have a great holiday!  

Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@enron.com

	Jean, thanks for the note.   Please give me a call and let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:

I was in the office on Commodity Close, September 13, 2001
and Preliminary Commodity was covered by my team.

Best regardsd,
Jean Be-e-e-e-e (akas Blair)

	
	Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close.  Who was reviewing
	the stack of reports on your desk?  Did we properly have the bases covered with
	you out?  Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Meoldy and Chris, thank you for your help on this matter.  It was very important to us to have Outlook until
	11:00 p.m.  Thanks. Lynn	

Thanks

John Buchanan

Outage will begin at 11:00 tonight.

EMA,

A customer, John Buchanan with ETS, states that the outage must not start BEFORE 10:30 PM.  They have a scheduled maintenance cycle at 10:30 PM and they need to be able to send out confirmation emails to customers until that time.

Please communicate with John at 3-7429 and coordinate this outage.

Thanks,

Melody Gray
Resolution Center

This is a notice to inform you that the server where your Outlook mailbox resides is scheduled for an outage tonight.  Your mailbox will be temporarily unavailable starting anytime after 8pm and may continue to be unavailable until 12 a.m., when all server maintenance work have been completed.  Outlook Web Access (OWA) will also be unavailable during this time.  

Blackberry users:  Message delivery may be delayed for a few minutes.
 
If you have any questions, please call the Resolution Center at x31411.

    Rick, Dari said she would make the letter 8,625.  Thanks. Lynn

I know this is trivial, but, I don't believe we can actually settle on a .5 MMBtu and enter a fractional volume into GVA or TAS.   I would suggest using 8,625.
        Dari, Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the 
        books and agree with your number. Thanks. Lynn 

So the settlement number will be 8,624.50 MMBtu. 

Dari, 

Listed below are the volumes from plant PTR and NNG calculated PTR based on inlet/outlet measurement for September 12 - 17.  The Plant PTR values were obtained from a letter from ONEOK  to Harry Woodson dated November 1, 2001.  This information may help in determining the settlement volume for this time period.

Date            Plant PTR               NNG PTR         Difference 
9/12/2001       88,335                  90,910                  2,575 
9/13/2001       92,175                  95,968                  3,793 
9/14/2001       93,525                  96,151                  2,626 
9/15/2001       95,422                  98,994                  3,572 
9/16/2001       96,881                  98,783                  1,902 
9/17/2001       92,584                  95,365                  2,781 
                                                TOTAL             17,249                

Attached please find a draft settlement agreement for the September 12 - 17 dispute.  Please let me have your comments ASAP.  We need to fax this on Friday.  Dari

 << File: Oneok Settlement re incident of September 12 - 17.doc >> 

	John and Terry, could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with
	the following information.

		Previous Cyclce Nomination	Current Nomination	Confirmation	Schedule

	Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report.

	The reason for the report  - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and
	this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report.

	If we already have access to something similar to this, let me know.  I would like to be
	able run this report during cycle.  (I think I am probably asking for the moon), but that
	would be the best time for Gas Control.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Rick, FYI.  I am concerned about the expectation from Marketing vs. what we can accomplish
	before January 1.  Are you OK with the way all the emails are going back and forth?  
	Would you have some time this morning to discuss?  Thanks. Lynn

The attached list are outstanding receivables associated with the Central Region group that have occurred prior to December 2000.  These are in addition to the receivables Frank Semin sent to you on December 19, 2001.  Total value of these receivables are $13,039.98.

Please have these receivables written off prior to January 1, 2002.   Thanks!

 

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Koch is the agent for IES nominations.

On the accounting side, IES pays their own invoices.  WP&L, Interstate Power, IEA and IES are all under Alliant, but they operate independently.

Kathy Washington currently handles the scheduling for IES since she handles Koch, and also IES accounting since they pay their own invoices.  However, each month Kathy Washington gives the IES invoices to Jean to include with Alliant's mailout.

Hope this explains everything!

Give me a call if you have any questions.

Thanks,

Renee   J

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Let's look at it Wednesday. Also, with the high flows we got coming up from the south now, let's make sure we don't limit our capacity by doing this. thanks. sj

I vote for Wednesday.  As you mention, we would be sure that Continental is running.  It would also be financially beneficial for Oneok to wait.

John

Guess we better look at turning the C line around on the 31st, or should we wait until the 2nd, to make sure they get up? sj

Please Note:

POI 1309 ( NNG Beaver) will start up their processing plant on Tuesday January 1, 2002.

If you have any questions, please contact me at (713)853-6816.

Thanks

Robert

	Please restore the below referenced file as requested.  If you have any questions, please
	call me at ext. 3-7637.

Lynn,
After preparing the Storage Summary Sheet this morning I could not save the updated file. In fact the file has disappeared from this solar system. I contacted the Solution Center to have the file restored and was informed that a business reason and director level approval is required before any restoration work can begin. 
As for the business reason, as you know, the NNG Marketing Dept uses this sheet daily to monitor storage activity and as a basis for purchase and sales decisions throughout the month. Marketing expects to see this sheet daily. In addition, Finance has requested a copy of the file daily to help track potential imbalance activity on NNG's system. 
Lynn, Please forward this e-mail to the Solution Center authorizing the restoration of the file at  \\gthou-dv01\common\mkt\oma\sumdec01.xls so I can continue to support the informational needs of the Marketing and Finance Departments provided by the data in the aforementioned file.
Thanks,
Mike
 

Mike Bodnar needs a file restored.  It seems that the file got corrupted.  Mike Bodnar's director will send an email to ETS Sol Center requesting the restoration.  Path:  \\gthou-dv01\common\mkt\oma\sumdec01.xls.  Please restore it from 12/28/01 tape backup and restore it to the same location.  A high priority Remedy ticket # 37225 has been opened.

If you have any questions, please call me at x33876

Thanks!
Lupita Cantu
ETS Information Risk Management
713-853-3876

	FYI.  thanks. Lynn

The attached list are outstanding receivables associated with the Central Region group that have occurred prior to December 2000. I would request that these receivables get written off in order to clean up the books. Total value $11,783.70.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give me a call. 

 

		
	Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the (Skellytown) Cargray
	Plant (POI 8442) effective 1/1/2002.  

	After talking with Vernon, I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month
	to Month cash out language in it.  She said to send her the contract and she will run the
	traps.  She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. I told her if we could
	come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002.  If we could not come to agreement,
	we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the
	transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances.

	Karen, per our conversation, please draft an OBA to send to Oneok.  

	If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA, please let Karen or
	I know.  

	Thanks. Lynn

	Just a reminder, we are planning a TW Imbalance meeting on Thursday, January 3, 2002
	in 42C2 at 8:30, right after the NNG/TW morning meeting.

	Richard will bring updated reports for us to review.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Steve and Shelley, I thought you both would be interested in seeing the attached.  This document
	came out of the meeting yesterday on Bushton.  Thanks. Lynn

Below are the talking points that I'd propose we run by Stan and then have Stan use with John Gibson and Dave use with Terry Spencer.  Once everyone is OK with these, I'll email to Stan and Dave with a brief explanation that our recommendation is that we politely decline the suggestion from Steve Winston that we voluntarily rewrite the measurement agreement.  

1.  Steve Winston's suggested approach is similar to ONEOK's Scott City measurement agreement with Kinder Morgan.  It uses PTR as an alternative form of measurement that takes precedence over the primary meters if the variation between the PTR and the primary meters exceeds certain thresholds.  That structure is very different from the Northern-ONEOK Measurement Procedures Agreement, which, as reaffirmed by the arbitrators, does not make the numbers from Northern's ultrasonic meters subject to ONEOK's PTR numbers except in the very narrow circumstance of a "BTU measurement error".

2.  Northern is not willing to modify the existing agreement to elevate ONEOK's PTR to a status equal to the ultrasonic meters because the meters and processes within the plant have numerous deficiencies and do not conform to AGA quality specifications.  ONEOK's independent outside experts, Barnes and Click, confirmed this fact during the arbitration. 

3.  ONEOK can currently use PTR, or any other means it wants, to determine whether to call a "special test" of the accuracy of Northern's ultrasonic meters pursuant to Section 2(e) of the Measurement ProceduresAgreement.  Upon calling a special test, any concerns ONEOK may have about the accuracy of the ultrasonic meters would be resolved by independent technical analysis of the meters.  ONEOK has not called for a special test, but can do so at any time if it believes the ultrasonic meters are malfunctioning.

4.  If ONEOK wants to renegotiate the Measurement Procedures Agreement to track the structure of the Scott City procedure, ONEOK must bring its measurement and processes within the Bushton Plant up to AGA quality specifications and provide for maintenance of those meters consistent with those specifications.

5.  The current imbalance at the Plant is about $1.2 million owed to ONEOK, based on Northern's meters.  The outstanding imbalance situation at the Plant, which dates to April and May of this year, must be resolved irrespective of what ONEOK desires to do going forward.  Since ONEOK has not called a special test of Northern's meters, the arbitration award mandates that the metered data govern the imbalance for those months.  If ONEOK does not agree to that reconciliation, Northern will be forced to pursue appropriate remedies.  

	After further investigation here are the facts as of today (Monday) on the UCU SBA issue:

	1.  UCU nominated 20,000 dth on their SBA contract

	2.  UCU reduced there Carlton transportation by 10,000 dth

	3.  Kathy is checking all of UCU's contracts to see if overall they:

		a.  Reduced deliveries
		b.  Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction

	We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday.  

	Have a great New Years Eve and be careful.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	

	After talking with Robert, we have an Accounts Receivable issue with Oneok for approx. $99,000.
	Rick and Robert have tried to resolve this issue with Oneok, Kinder Morgan and NNG.  We might
	want to consider that this has to be resolved before we agree to an OBA at the point.  

		
	Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the (Skellytown) Cargray
	Plant (POI 8442) effective 1/1/2002.  

	After talking with Vernon, I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month
	to Month cash out language in it.  She said to send her the contract and she will run the
	traps.  She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. I told her if we could
	come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002.  If we could not come to agreement,
	we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the
	transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances.

	Karen, per our conversation, please draft an OBA to send to Oneok.  

	If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA, please let Karen or
	I know.  

	Thanks. Lynn

Ava please print and give to steve to briing to omaha.  Thanks Lynn
Here is the information that was requested.  Hopefully, it makes sense without any explanation.  Otherwise, we will talk from this whenever we meet to discuss to & through procedures at some time in the future to be determined.

Thanks!

 <<oneoktoandthru.xls>> 

    FYI.  Just to let you know what Border sent out.  Thanks. Lynn

=20

Borderline
No.  2001-17
September 18, 2001

	
	I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their
	business taken care of on the Enron pipes.  It looks like we will be in the same
	mode of operation at least through this morning.  

	Please make every effort to contact your customers and let them know they
	can get into Hottap through URL:
		
			www.hottap.enroncorp.com
	 	
	If they are having problems accessing Hottap, give them the pertinent information they
	need to do their "next cycle" business (ie. schedule quantity info).  Let's be proactive and 
	help the customers through this frustrating time.

	I also appreicate everyone staying around until 6:00 last night.  It is good to work with 
	a group that is willing to help out where possible.

	Also, Toby thanks for your "hours" of work on sending out the emails to our customers
	to let them know what our plans were. 

	Thanks. Lynn

=09FYI

>>We are keeping this candle burning for all the people
>>& their families who were in the planes, buildings and
>>anywhere near the explosions today. May God be with them
>>and help them through this terrible time.
>>God Bless
>>
>>
>>Keep The Candle Going
>>
>>     I asked God for water, he gave me an ocean.
>>     I asked God for a flower, he gave me a garden.
>>     I asked God for a tree, he gave me a forest.
>>     I asked God for a friend, he gave me YOU.
>>
>>     "There is not enough darkness in the world to put
>>     out the light of one candle."
>>
>>     The Candle of Love, Hope and Friendship
>>
>>                          ()
>>                          | |
>>                          | |
>>                          | |
>>                          | |
>>                          | |
>>                       -------
>>
>>     This candle was lit on the 11th of September, 2001.
>>     Someone who loves you has helped keep it alive by
>>     sending it to you.
>>
>>     Don't let The Candle Of Love, Hope and Friendship
>>     die!
>>
>>    "A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle"

Ava, LA was Socal mtg.
San Fran was Interconnect mtg
Omaha was mtg on Bushton and
SLA mtg,. Thanks Lynn
Lynn, I need to know what your trips where in reference to.

Thanks,
Ava

I have jury duty but John or
Terry can attend for me.
Thanks Lynn

John please send this to Shelly
Thanks Lynn

FYI.  Wasn't sure if you saw this?  Thanks. Lynn

Borderline
No.  2001-22
October 30, 2001<?xml:namespace prefix =3D o ns =3D "urn:schemas-microsoft-=
com:office:office" />

=20

November 1 Tariff Change

Tariff revisions detailing and addressing the use of an Operational Flow Or=
der (OFO) on Northern Border, which were part of Northern Border's approved=
 Park and Loan (PAL) filing, will become effective on November 1.   Here is=
 a brief overview of the upcoming changes.

=20
Purpose of an OFO
=20
An OFO will be used by Northern Border to 1) alleviate conditions that thre=
aten the integrity of the system, 2) maintain pipeline operations at pressu=
res required to provide efficient and reliable transportation service, 3) a=
ssure adequate system line pack, and 4) maintain service for all of Norther=
n Border's firm shippers.  =20
=20
An OFO will be treated as a tool of last resort.  Northern Border will firs=
t attempt to utilize its system, its services (transportation and PAL), and=
 if necessary, assistance of interconnecting systems to alleviate operation=
al problems before invoking its OFO tariff provisions.
=20
=20
Posting of an OFO Watch
=20
If resolution of an operational problem is unlikely, such as when a daily o=
r cumulative OBA imbalance with an interconnected party is outside of a def=
ined tolerance range, Northern Border will post an OFO watch.  Similar to a=
 severe weather notice, the purpose of an OFO watch is to pre-alert shipper=
s and interconnecting systems to a location or area on Northern Border's sy=
stem in which underlying operational conditions could prompt the issuance o=
f an OFO.
=20

OFO Issuance
=20
Northern Border will issue an OFO if it is determined that an OFO watch has=
 failed to serve as a catalyst for corrective action.=20
=20
A Northern Border OFO will be as localized as is reasonably possible.  Furt=
hermore, each OFO will be tailored to match the severity of the known or an=
ticipated problem being addressed.
=20
=20
OFO Impact
=20
An OFO can result in either the curtailment of interruptible services and/o=
r the forced balancing of nominations and actual flows through the confirma=
tion process.  =20
=20
If service is reduced or interrupted due to an OFO, Northern Border will di=
rectly provide affected shippers, as soon as possible, a summary of the ser=
vice interruption that will include the operational variables that prompted=
 such action.  In addition, affected shippers will be notified of any imbal=
ances that require immediate resolution.
=20
Routine status updates will be posted throughout the period in which the OF=
O is in effect.
=20
=20
Failure to Comply
=20
When an OFO is issued, it is the responsibility of the affected shippers to=
 make a good faith effort to comply.  If such shippers fail to respond to t=
he OFO, or their response is insufficient to correct the problem, Northern =
Border may take further action including the curtailment of firm service or=
 the immediate cash out of cumulative imbalances that are in excess of 10% =
of the Historical Flow Quantity.
=20
Northern Border will not be liable for any costs incurred by a shipper in c=
omplying with or be exposed to any damages that result from an interruption=
 in service due to an OFO.
=20
=20
Impact of OFO Tariff Changes on Interconnects
=20
FERC Order No. 637 requires that pipelines "take all reasonable actions to =
minimize the issuance and adverse impact of Operational Flow Orders (OFOs).=
"  Northern Border recognizes that maintaining daily and cumulative OBA imb=
alances with its interconnected parties within reasonable tolerances levels=
 is critical in meeting such obligation across the grid.  Consequently, the=
 November 1 tariff changes includes language which define what is an accept=
able tolerance range on a Northern Border OBA imbalance.
=20
To serve as a benchmark, Northern Border has already begun calculating a Hi=
storical Flow Quantity (HFQ) for each point of interconnection on Northern =
Border's system.  The HFQ is the lesser of the average daily scheduled quan=
tity for the previous 15 consecutive Gas Days or the actual daily flow quan=
tity for such time period.  =20
=20
On November 1, the default cumulative OBA imbalance tolerance level for a g=
iven interconnect on Northern Border's system will be +/- 10% of the point'=
s HFQ.   If such approach fails to meet the needs of an interconnected part=
y, Northern Border's tariff does permit the use of an alternative tolerance=
 level at a given point of interconnect as long as it has been mutually agr=
eed to both OBA parties.
=20
Furthermore, the daily OBA swings at interconnects on Northern Border that =
are on pressure control will also be monitored more closely; the default da=
ily OBA imbalance tolerance level will be +/- 5% of the daily scheduled qua=
ntity.  Once again, Northern Border's tariff does permit deviation from thi=
s "standardized" daily tolerance if an alternative method is mutually accep=
table to the OBA parties.=20
=20
For those who would like to initiate discussions on establishing OBA imbala=
nce tolerance levels with Northern Border that deviate from the defaults de=
scribed above, please contact Scott Coburn at (402) 398.7760.
=20
=20

	FYI.  Lynn

I talked to Lavila Lawrence with Duke Energy Field Services, LP. and she advised me that the GPM Dumas Plant (POI 18058) is going to be shutdown effective January 1, 2002.  They will diverting some of the gas to other pipelines and any gas that will be coming to NNG will come through interconnects that David Moon takes care of in the Texas Panhandle.  

She said "They wouldn't have to de-rhime that plant anymore!", which gave me the impression that the cost of maintenance might be the reason for the shutdown.

Any questions, please call.

Randy Janzen

	Michelle, it was so good to hear from you.  I definitely want to stay in touch.  Next time
	you are in Houston, please let me know and we'll get together.  I am glad you are surviving
	your new earrings.  They are a lot of fun once you adjust to them.  Those dangling pieces can
	be tricky!!.  Take care and look forward to seeing you in the future.  Lynn

Hey Theresa and Lynn.  I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed getting
to know you two last week and that I hope we can stay in contact.  I
typically just meet Regulatory people in my circle so it's good to know
people who actually know how their pipeline operates!  Lynn - I think I am
finally getting the hang of operating those earrings.  That Tuesday morning
when we were leaving San Fran. the little dangle got cock-eyed and I
couldn't get the earring out to fix it.  At some point at the airport I
managed to get it out.  Am much better now.  Take care and hope to see both
of you soon.

Michelle

http://home.ets.enron.com/dms/ViewReport.asp

	Penny, if you have to do the 8th, John Buchanan will participate for me.  Thanks. Lynn

Penny, both Lynn and I will be at an all-day TW Customer meeting offsite on the 8th. I think Gary Spraggins will be here if you go forward. sj

Please attend a meeting at the following time and location to start discussions on gas quality on Northern's system.

		Day			Thursday
		Date			November 8
		Time			2:00 to 3:30 pm
		Location		Video Conference  ECN 42C2/OMA 696

I would like to start the dialogue in what will be a series of meetings to discuss the impact of non-spec gas on Northern's system and explore solutions to the problems created by the non-spec gas.  The following list of issues will be addressed on November 8 and at subsequent meetings.  Randy and Danny, will you please select a representative or representatives from your respective regions to be a participants on this project?

List of Issues to be explored:

	Identify the contaminants/gas quality problems
	
	What is our tariff specification of each contaminant?

	System impacts resulting to taking non-spec gas

	Cost to system to accept non-spec gas

	Revenue impact of non-spec gas

	What is the tariff spec of other interconnecting pipelines?

	Possible solutions by region and contaminant/problem

	Impact of proposed rules which will require Northern to post tariff waivers on gas quality

This list of issues will be expanded and modified as this project moves forward.  Please feel free to contact me if you have questions.

Feel free to invite others to this meting that I have not included in the notification of this meeting.

						Penny McCarran

	I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling.  She and two other schedulers
	will be in our office Wednesday moring, November 7th from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. to 
	meet all of you.  

	Ava, would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria
	area to the Enron Building.  

	If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

        Robert, attached is the PAA form you can fill out and send to me to submit.  Thanks. Lynn
 
                        -----Original Message-----
Unfortunately, the Check it Out Awards program has not been renewed.  If you have someone on your team you wish to reward for a significant accomplishment, please check with Lynn to discuss whether she should submit a Personal Achievement Award request.
 
Rick
Rick, 

The South team would like to nominate several people in ETS for the Check it out Awards. 

We have three questions: 

        1. What is the procedure for completing an award 
        2.  Is their an amount limit per team? 
        3.  Is their an amount limit per individual? 

Thanks 

Robert 

=09Rick, no problem, I think it would be good to have at least one of them =
there.
=09Thanks. Lynn

We may receive some questions about the new contract management system and =
capacity release system that is being implemented on January 15th for TW.  =
I believe it would be beneficial to have Michelle or Dennis attend the meet=
ings and "mingle" with their customers.  What do you think?

Rick
Rick,
Michelle Lokay forwarded this to me because she believes that I should atte=
nd.  Let me know if me or Dennis will be attending.

Thanks

You have been selected to attend the Transwestern customer meeting in Novem=
ber.  Review the attachment below for details.  Please indicate whether you=
 will attend or will not attend in a email to ava.garcia@enron.com or phone=
 at 713-853-5842.

Hope to see you in November.

Thanks,
Ava Garcia

 << File: TW2001Customer2.pps >>=20

 << File: 2001TWCustomermtg..pps >>=20
 << File: TW2001CustomerInvitation.ppt >>

 	The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 (my office) on Thursday, Nov. 1.  Thanks. Lynn

When and where is the meeting tomorrow with Neubauer and friends? sj

	FYI.  Terry is working with Elizabeth and Ramona to pull together the information
	required.  Thanks. Lynn

We held a meeting to discuss the status of TW's 637 Imbalance filing.  Our current position (after discussions about a month ago) has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie.  We discussed again the possibility of making a separate tariff filing to pursue our OBA "wish list" outside the 637 arena and decided again that this type of filing would just get consolidated with our pending 637 filing.

After further discussion we decided that the one thing, most narrowly defined, that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas.  If defined this narrowly, this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data.  We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing.

Glen & Mary are going to discuss with MKM and Teb with Rob.  Lyn & Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe (Ignacio to Blanco, Blanco to Thoreau, Thoreau to the border & check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included) and increased imbalance levels.  We plan to get together next week to discuss further.

Concerning the rest of our OBA "wish list", we are discussing whether to hold meetings with individual protestors to discuss only the Imbalance issues of the filing and work toward a "settlement" position on those issues to have ready in the event of Commission action in this docket.

	Ava, would you please print this presentation in color for me.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI Only

Attached is a copy of the Gas Logistics presentation that I gave at Phil Lowry's operations conference this morning.

 

	
	Jodie and Raetta, I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's
	functions and interactions with other departments.  I would like for both of you to
	attend this meeting if possible.

	The meeting will be November 14, 2001 at 1:00 p.m. 

	Gary, I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center?  Please let me
	know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building.  Thanks. Lynn

	Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn

Miranda the following are those who will get differential pay for the month of November:

Jean Blair, North Team, for 11/15 Bert Hernandez, TW,  will get differential pay and for 16/30 Tracy Minter, TW, will receive differential pay.

I know I am late and apologize if you have any problems please let me know.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	Good point.  Thanks.  Should we tell HR that so they are straight on what each company is doing?
	Just a thougt.  Thanks. Lynn

Florida said since Mary Lou is working from home no one get's differential pay.

	Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn

Miranda the following are those who will get differential pay for the month of November:

Jean Blair, North Team, for 11/15 Bert Hernandez, TW,  will get differential pay and for 16/30 Tracy Minter, TW, will receive differential pay.

I know I am late and apologize if you have any problems please let me know.

Thanks,
Ava-35842

	Could we possibly make it at  2:00 on Tuesday?  That would work better for me.  Thanks. Lynn

Please check your calendars for your availability for a conference call with Virginia Power on the Demarc allocation process.  I am shooting for 1:30 PM Central on Tuesday, Nov 6.  Please let me know if you are available and I will then firm it up with VPEM.

Thanks!

	Yes, we will reschedule Team Leader Meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

Works for me lynn, if you are rescheduling the team leader meeting. Terry

	Sue, I think it would be very good to invite the people below.  We may want to talk about a
	modified version in the future for the rest of the teams.  The only other person we might
	invite is Mike Bodnar just because I have him as the point person with Chris on the third
	party storage.  If possible I definitely want to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

I am presenting Storage 101 training class on Wednesday November 7th from 2-3:30 p.m.  I am trying to keep the group at a manageable size so am just inviting marketing.  However, I wanted to know if you thought it would be a good idea to invite you, Steve J., Gary S. Darrell, John B. and Terry K. and Chris Greely (as she schedules 3rd party storage for us)?  I can't invite all of market services at this time.  I'm not sure if I want to give it to all of market  services even at a later date due to the confidential nature of the information.  What do you think?

Sue

	Wanted to pass on the presentation SoCal gave at the Nov. 18th meeting in Los Angeles.
	If you have any questions, I would be glad to visit with you about the contents.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, attached are copies of the presentations that we made on October 18.  Sorry, I haven't been able to get them to you sooner.  Pat 
 <<N01.pdf>>  <<NO2.pdf>> 

 - N01.pdf 
 - NO2.pdf 

		
	Toby, here is the next file to post.  Thanks. Lynn

		 

	Richard, sounds like good customer relations to me.
	Appreciate your help on tlhis issue.  Lynn

I have just spoken with Ms. Young in an attempt to
straighten out her bill.  Since they have not lived in
the house since the flood, I have agreed to have her
billing cycle stop effective July 1, 2001 until
further notice.  It is my understanding that she has
paid her June bill in full.
Somehow there was an error in turning her service back
on.  They are still not living in the house and don't
have a move in date at this time.  I have instructed
Hayes to turn off the service immediately and lock the
valve box until further notice.
I felt this was in the best interest of everyone
involved.  She is the only one that has requested
termination of her service from the floods and  I
don't feel that it is necessary to pursue this issue
further.
Shelly, please make a note of this action so that we
can keep all Board members abreast of this situation.
If there are any questions or comments, please call.
Thanks,
Richard

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
http://personals.yahoo.com

	Steve, FYI.  Thought you would like to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

Greg,

Looks like 2:00 CST (3:00 EST) on Tuesday, November 6 is good from this side.  Let me know if this is good from your side and we will schedule accordingly.

Thanks!
Vernon

Pilar, count me in.  This meeting is on my calendar.  Thanks. Lynn

Please join us for a  Storage 101 Class scheduled for next Wednesday, November 7, from 2:00 - 3:30 p.m. in EB 49C2.  Please RSVP me  by next Monday, November 5.

Yes, there will be refreshments.

See you there!

Pilar 

M. Pilar Ramirez
Enron Transportation Services
pilar.ramirez@enron.com
713-853-4706

	
	Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on.  If something comes up tomorrow,
	please don't hesitate to page me.  We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations
	on the TW Customer meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

	1.  Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the
	     existing requirements

	2.  Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren
	     to ensure all departments (Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics) have the
	     same procedural understanding

	3.  TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for
	     you and I deciding who is presenting which topics.

	4.  Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd
	     Jodie, Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation.
	     Steve and I are working with Jodie.

	5.  Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney
	     are working with Theresa, Reyna and Transok. Purchase for three days (Nov. 2, 3, 4) for a
	     total of 50,000 mmbtu.

	6.  EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer 

	7.  Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team

	8.  LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson

	9.  TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb

	10. SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan

	11. Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group

	12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux

	13.  Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo (11/6/01)

	14. Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting

	15. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke

	

	

	I will be out of the office tomorrow, Friday, November 2.  Remember John and Terry are
	both out as well.  For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve
	January.  Larry and Raetta will be available also. If needed, I can be reached
	by my pager (800-504-6138)

	I will be on call this weekend.  Don't hesitate to call if you need something.

	Have a great day, and I will see ya'll on Monday.  Thanks. Lynn

	Guys, very good notes for the weekend.  Appreciate the comments. It helps alot when preparing
	Shelley for the Monday morning (Stan) meeting.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached are the weekend notes for 11/3/01 and 11/4/01.
Thanks
Scott

 

	On TW, TW allocated SoCal on the ID2 cycle for Sunday's gas day, due to SoCal non performance.
	We cut about 27,000 mmbtu.

	The Sequel 2000 conversion on the reports went well.  Brad's team was here to help Sunday morning
	and I believe that made things go smoother.  There were a few isolated situations which were turned
	around quickly.  

	Otherwise it was quiet on the pipes.  
	
	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Please plan on attending this meeting for me.  Thanks. Lynn

	Attached is an updated spreadsheet reflecting Northern's and interconnecting pipeline's gas quality specifications pursuant to tariff provisions effective as of November 1, 2001.  ETS pipelines are in Blue.  Thanks MW
	 

Please attend a meeting at the following time and location to start discussions on gas quality on Northern's system.

		Day			Thursday
		Date			November 8
		Time			2:00 to 3:30 pm
		Location		Video Conference  ECN 42C2/OMA 696

I would like to start the dialogue in what will be a series of meetings to discuss the impact of non-spec gas on Northern's system and explore solutions to the problems created by the non-spec gas.  The following list of issues will be addressed on November 8 and at subsequent meetings.  Randy and Danny, will you please select a representative or representatives from your respective regions to be a participants on this project?

List of Issues to be explored:

	Identify the contaminants/gas quality problems
	
	What is our tariff specification of each contaminant?

	System impacts resulting to taking non-spec gas

	Cost to system to accept non-spec gas

	Revenue impact of non-spec gas

	What is the tariff spec of other interconnecting pipelines?

	Possible solutions by region and contaminant/problem

	Impact of proposed rules which will require Northern to post tariff waivers on gas quality

This list of issues will be expanded and modified as this project moves forward.  Please feel free to contact me if you have questions.

Feel free to invite others to this meting that I have not included in the notification of this meeting.

						Penny McCarran

	Ava, I am on vacation those days, so it would probably be OK.  But before we decide, let me know
	who would be here to cover for you during that time.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, I would like to take vacation days on November 20th, 21st and 26th.  I realize it's the holiday and am not sure if the requested is possible if not that is fine.

Thanks,
Ava

    Jean, I think we got them figured out?  I do have a questions you proabably can answer real quick
    Thanks for the help.  Give me a call when you have time on Monday (today).  Thanks. Lynn

Do you have time on Monday to review the Blackberry issues?   My afternoon is open.  Thanks.  Jean

	FYI.  Just to keep you in the loop.  John can let us know what
	is going on.  Thanks. Lynn

see below..

In Shelley's staff meeting this morning, she expressed concern about situations (like the one we are currently experiencing) in regard to e-mail and electronic communication channel availability to customers.  Unfortunately, much of the last 24 hour's issues have been driven by poor and incomplete information coming from the corporate team.  In addition, we have suffered our own internal communication challenges.  With that said, she identified two critical areas that she wants to resolve in the short term;  

1.)  An efficient e-mail distribution capability that is not dependent on Enron firewall access.  Although messages were successfully sent to customers yesterday, the process was cumbersome and time consuming.  A process that can handle the complete distribution list and/or segmentation of messages (ie by pipeline) is needed.  The service should be available from remote locations.  I am currently investigating this issue.  (i.e. bulk mail handler and reliability via outside ISP source.) 

2.)  A communication diagnostic tool that is not dependent on corporate team information.  There should be the ability to test our communication abilities/processes to external parties.  The tool should address what customers can access, whether they can receive messages, etc.  Again it should have remote capabilities. 

I would characterize the goals of addressing these issues to be that ETS knows what its current electronic communication situation is and that it is accurately communicating it to customers.  

Alma will set up a meeting to discuss ASAP.  Alma, please invite those on the "To" distribution.    

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Jason/Hilllary/Marc/Mark/Stacy:
Please mark this time on your calendar so we all know how this is going to work.

Vernon:
Please be prepared to discuss:
   How we have our pools set up should help us or hurt us?
   Beatrice fits into the picture and if this is going to cause additional
   allocations.
   If Demarc gets allocated are big contract gets frozen so we can not adjust
   our nominations
   If this is the case should we release our contract to ourselves in the field
   zone so we would then have two contracts which would allow us to not have the
   same problem as described above.
   Review the amount of capacity to and through Demarc by line.
   Specific example that includes all the cycles.
   Can you have an allocation after the timely cycle?
   Our priority going to Demarc from the Field if we have our nominations in on
   time and do not change them.
   What would happen if we were on time and got all of our gas confirmed to
   Demarc and then one of our customers changes their nomination in our pool

Greg Hathaway

Office Phone: 804.273.4421

Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927

greg_hathaway@dom.com

|--------+--------------------------->
|        |          "Mercaldo,       |
|        |          Vernon"          |
|        |          <Vernon.Mercaldo@|
|        |          enron.com>       |
|        |                           |
|        |          11/01/01 12:47 PM|
|        |                           |
|--------+--------------------------->
  >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  |                                                                            |
Greg,

Looks like 2:00 CST (3:00 EST) on Tuesday, November 6 is good from this
side.  Let me know if this is good from your side and we will schedule
accordingly.

Thanks!
Vernon

Pilar, I have another meeting at this time, so I will not be able to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

	Richard, what is our next step?  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

FYI, Kim.

Earlier this year I requested that the Enron litigation unit file suit against Oasis Dairy for collection of unpaid transport bills on TW.  The suit was filed in the fifth judicial district court in Chaves County, NM.  

On October 1, 2001, TW was granted summary judgement in the case by the court in the amount of $29,250.56 inclusive of back interest and attorney fees.  This amount will continue to accrue interest at 8.75% per annum until paid by Oasis.  

If you would like a copy of the judgement, please let me know.

kh

	Terry, are you aware of this?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the report I mentioned, in printed form it shows each discount for each path for each contract.  I will mention this to the TW team now, but go over the report in further detail on the first day of invoicing so each can see the discounts for their own shippers.  Hopefully this will reduce future PPA's.

Thanks,
Amy

 

	Steve and Audrey, here is the information on the Customer Meeting.  Let me know
	if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn, per your request attached are spreadsheets of Customers that will be attending TW meeting and a spreadsheet of customers invited to Transwestern Customer Update Mtg. 

  

Thanks,
Ava-3-5842

	Martha, I would rather give the teams access to the Dashboard.  John Buchanan will be back
	in the office Wednesday.  You can coordinate with him and Terry Kowalke to get everyone
	set up.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn - Below is a list of people that Courtney Barker(in Marketing) sends a couple of reports on daily index prices to every month.   Courtney is now posting these reports on the Marketing Dashboard.   Would you like to give your employees below access to the Dashboard or does Courtney need to continue sending the reports via E:Mail?    Please advise us and we will be glad to follow through.   Thanks so much!  Martha

Yes, I am referring to the people in Market Services, here is a list of who I am sending it to:
Jean Adams
Robert Benningfield
Sherry Forbish
Chris Greaney
Scott Hibbard
Randy Janzen
Terry Kowalke
Joe Linhart
Janet McDaniel
Debra Scurlock
Kathy Sturr
Harry Woodson

They all appear to be some form of Market Service Reps.
Just let me know!
Thanks,
Courtney

Courtney - Clarification on .... (They have indicated to me that they do not have access to the dashboard.  Do we need to get them access to the dashboard or should I continue e-mailing them the report at the end of each month?)      Are you referring to people in Market Services and if so, what level are they?  Martha

Martha,
As you know, Sandy McCary assisted me in getting my daily spot file report and MIP reports posted to the Marketing Dashboard.  At the end of the month, I send the MIP files to about 12 people in Marketing Services. I am no longer e-mailing the report to people in Marketing, since most are using the dashboard.
They have indicated to me that they do not have access to the dashboard.  Do we need to get them access to the dashboard or should I continue e-mailing them the report at the end of each month?
Thanks,
Courtney Barker
(402) 398-7130

	I do not think it is necessary to have another letter to Oneok from Harry.  Hopefully they get the message
	with this letter.   Thanks. Lynn

	Ken and Kile, 

	Please see the attached proposed draft letter.  I need to fill in one blank, but it is otherwise complete, subject to your thoughts.  I will try and get a copy of Sherry Rogers' letter to Harry Woodson of November 1 by fax to you both.

	Britt

	P.S. to Lynn and Harry:  is it alright with you for Ken to basically be replying to the letter to Harry?  Do we also need a "me, too" letter from Harry?

	 << File: L-Cessac letter2.doc >> 	

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	Ken and Kile, 

	Please see the attached proposed draft letter.  I need to fill in one blank, but it is otherwise complete, subject to your thoughts.  I will try and get a copy of Sherry Rogers' letter to Harry Woodson of November 1 by fax to you both.

	Britt

	P.S. to Lynn and Harry:  is it alright with you for Ken to basically be replying to the letter to Harry?  Do we also need a "me, too" letter from Harry?

	 	

=09FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Debbie, here are the two slides for my presentation.  Please let me know if you
	have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

			 			 			

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is your presentation formatted for the September 2001 Winter Operations Meeting. Please review and give me your final approval.

Thanks,
Debbie

 

	I have a conference call with Delaine at 3:15 today on Strangers Gas.  She is to give
	me Mike Belcher's phone number.  He is the person coordinating all the condensate
	issues.  If we send a letter I would send it to Terry Spencer and reference Mike Belcher.
	If you need more, let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

Jim,
Here is another matter I need to really push, a letter demanding payment of the Mt. Jesus condensate reimbursement short payments.  Please review this letter and give me your observations, suggestions. << File: Mt Jesus2.doc >> 

Lynn,
Any better name than Spencer to send this to?  

Dan/Mark
Can you get me updated numbers?  Here is a spreadsheet that Debbie provided to me.   << File: Mt. Jesus Shortpay Analysis.xls >> 

Charlie

	Shelley, after talking with Ramona, we need to change Slide 6 to say:

		Invoice and Measurement statemenst added to website

	Imbalance statements will not be added until next year.  I will talk about this in my presentation.
	Thanks. Lynn

Attached is a draft version of my welcome and customer communication presentation.  Lynn - will you please check to see if you agree with my slide on customer milestones (particularly the reference to TMS reports)

 << File: TW_custmtg.ppt >> 

	
	Vernon, Gerry, Raetta and Steve, here are the questions and answer as I recall from the conference call
	today.  Please let me know of any changes or corrections and I will make them then send to Virginia Power.

	Greg, here are the questions and answers that we promised you from the conference call on Tuesday,
	November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

	1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?

		Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount
			  (2) RANK changed to a different number

	2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?

		Answer - Tariff Sheet 267.D & E (Raetta, so you agree?)

	3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?

		Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group

	4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power
	     switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?

		Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation
			  because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from
		              the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment
			  on the conference call)
			

	
	Shelley, do you still want the report Terry is doing each Monday for the TW SOCAL and West
	of Throeau numbers.  We started this report after switching to allocations before confirmations
	so we could track any possible "holes" in the pipe. 

	So far the new process is working well and we were thinking about discontinuing this report
	unless you need it for Stan's meeting?  Remember we give you the Socal Window and scheduled volumes 
	as well as the west of thoreau scheduled volumes on the weekend notes.

	Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

The SLA settlement is progressing more slowly than anticipated.  It now looks like we will be required to do a 4-6 month refund of Reservation & Commodity.  The latest estimate is that we wouldn't have FERC approval for revised rates pursuant to the SLA settlement until at least March.  Since the rates will be retroactive to November, 2001, we would have to refund both Res & Com for November, December, January and, at least Reservation for February.  This could become a rate-case sized refund effort.

(Linda, Ray & Wendy - While this doesn't affect you directly, it could affect your projects because of resource requirements from both IT and Gas Logistics. )

Northern is close to a Settlement with our customers involving Carlton and the SLA.

This will entail some special invoice processing.

We expect to file revised Reservation, TI Commodity and Carlton surcharge rates to be effective November 1, 2001.

However, the filing probably won't be made before November 1 and we aren't likely to have approval until the end of the year.
That means that November will be billed at the existing winter rates and 
we will need to do a 1-month refund in January to rebill November at the new rates.

We hope to have approval in time to bill both Reservation & Commodity correctly for December.  But, on the Reservation invoice, we may need to do a late "preliminary" run to pick up new rates, depending on when we receive an order from FERC.

=09Alicia, thank you very much for the invite, but I will not be able to ma=
ke it.  I know it
=09will be fun time for everyone.  Thanks. Lynn

Just a reminder .. if you haven't rsvp for the Casino Party, I will still b=
e taking them today.  Thanks.
Hope you all can join us!
 << File: Casino Night.ppt >>

Joanne, thank you very much for the invitation, but I will not be able to attend.  I
know everyone will have a good time.  Thanks. Lynn

	Just a reminder.  Also, Ava, please help watch my phone during this time frame.  Thanks. Lynn

	I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling.  She and two other schedulers
	will be in our office Wednesday moring, November 7th from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. to 
	meet all of you.  

	Ava, would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria
	area to the Enron Building.  

	If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

	Brad, I do not see any overlap.  Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is my presentation.  In reviewing Shelley's presentation, I do not see any overlap.  

Lynn, do you see anything that would be redundant to on mine?  Let me know.  

If OK, I'll send it up to Debbie Moore.

 << File: What's on the Web.ppt >> 

Brad 

	Just to clarify Britt's comments.  Harry is using NNG's numbers for total imbalance.  To split the
	imbalance among the third party shippers, we will continue to use Oneok's allocation of actual
	volumes.  The variance between Oneok and NNG will go to the Oneok imbalance to tie to NNG's
	ultra sonic measurement.   Thanks. Lynn

	Harry today received the original of the November 1 letter to him from Sherry Rogers, which, again, takes the position that we agreed to the use of Plant PTR for September because of our lack of a reply to date to their response letters to our notices of the two September measurement incidents, even though Northern clearly stated its position in Northern's notice letters.  However, the attachment to the original letter now includes the September 2001 imbalance statement, using plant PTR instead of Northern's meters.

	I will have this circulated to everyone by fax or hand-delivery.

	Britt

	

	Shelley, I would appreciate any comments or feedback on the attached.  I am trying to formulate
	my thoughts to be positive and get our message across.  Donna helped me put some info together.
	Now I need your thoughts.  Thanks. Lynn

			 
	
	

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	Stan, the Bushton Team met yesterday and decided that there is no value and substantial risk to Northern in accepting OneOk's suggestion that we rewrite the Bushton Measurement Agreement to operate like the OneOk-Kinder Morgan Scott City measurement agreement.  We are reluctant to incorporate the PTR formula in any way beyond the limited purpose it serves under the current Measurement Agreement.  The following are talking points that Dave Neubauer will use today in a conversation with Terry Spencer, who is Steve Winston's boss.  Since Winston's proposal (which I sent to you by email last week) was a draft and has never been formally sent to us, we decided that having Dave deliver our message to Terry made more sense than sending a letter or elevating the issue to your and John Gibson's level.  However, if Gibson calls you and raises the issue of their proposal, the following points contain our message.  

	Spencer may agree in the call with Dave to reconcile the April and May imbalance based on our metered numbers.  If not, Britt has prepared a demand letter that can be sent at any time to get resolution of that issue rolling.  I believe that Gibson indicated that he'd be calling you back this week to talk about this matter, so your conversation should take place before we send the demand letter. I'll forward the demand letter for your review separately. 
 		
	On the other proposal from OneOk that I forwarded to you last week (relating to operational changes designed to allow OneOk to get the helium plant running again), we have made some minor modifications and are sending the counterproposal back to OneOk.  We expect to get that deal in place with them soon.  This is a good development for them, and with little or no risk to us, and should temper any disappointment they feel because of our rejection of their measurment proposal.   

	Please give me a call if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks. DF

 

1.  Steve Winston's suggested approach is similar to ONEOK's Scott City measurement agreement with Kinder Morgan.  It uses PTR as an alternative form of measurement that takes precedence over the primary meters if the variation between the PTR and the primary meters exceeds certain thresholds.  That structure is very different from the Northern-ONEOK Measurement Procedures Agreement, which, as reaffirmed by the arbitrators, does not make the numbers from Northern's ultrasonic meters subject to ONEOK's PTR numbers except in the very narrow circumstance of a "BTU measurement error" (i.e., when the chromatograph malfunctions).   

2.  Northern is not willing to modify the existing agreement to elevate ONEOK's PTR to a status equal to the ultrasonic meters because the Oneok meters and processes within the plant have numerous deficiencies and do not conform to AGA quality specifications.  ONEOK's independent outside experts, Barnes and Click, confirmed this fact during the arbitration. 

3.  ONEOK can currently use PTR, or any other means it wants, to determine whether to call a "special test" of the accuracy of Northern's ultrasonic meters pursuant to Section 2(e) of the Measurement ProceduresAgreement.  Upon calling a special test, any concerns ONEOK may have about the accuracy of the ultrasonic meters would be resolved by independent technical analysis of the meters.  ONEOK has not called for a special test, but can do so at any time if it believes the ultrasonic meters are malfunctioning.

4.  If ONEOK wants to renegotiate the Measurement Procedures Agreement to track the structure of the Scott City procedure, ONEOK must bring its measurement and processes within the Bushton Plant up to AGA quality specifications and provide for maintenance of those meters consistent with those specifications.

5.  The current imbalance at the Plant is about $1.2 million owed to ONEOK, based on Northern's meters.  The outstanding imbalance situation at the Plant, which dates to April and May of this year, must be resolved irrespective of what ONEOK desires to do going forward.  Since ONEOK has not called a special test of Northern's meters, the arbitration award mandates that the metered data govern the imbalance for those months.  If ONEOK does not agree to that reconciliation, Northern will be forced to pursue appropriate remedies.  

	
  	Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the questions and answers that we promised you 
	at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

	1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?

		Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount or volume lower than scheduled amount
			  (2) RANK changed to a different number

	2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out?

		Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E 

	3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation?

		Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only two points in the group

	4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power
	     switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing?

		Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery IS included in a demarc allocation
			  because the transport tied to this storage nomination is physically coming from
		              the field to the market area. (Greg we may not have been clear on this comment
			  on the conference call)
			

	Wednesday has a lot of meetings for Gas Logistics.  How about Tuesday, November 13 at 1:00 p.m.?
	or Thursday, November 15, any time.  Thanks. Lynn
	

	
	I would like to set up another meeting next week to discuss the procedures for acquiring offsystem capacity.  I have incorporated the comment received from the draft distributed several weeks ago.  When would be a good time for this meeting?  

	How about Wednesday, Nov 14 10:00 am?  Thanks MW

	Thursday, 1:30 works for me.  Thanks. Lynn

	Wednesday doesn't work for most folks.  So...How about Thursday, @ 1:30 p.m.  please let me know and I'll set up the meeting.  thanks for the quick response.  Thanks MW

	
	I would like to set up another meeting next week to discuss the procedures for acquiring offsystem capacity.  I have incorporated the comment received from the draft distributed several weeks ago.  When would be a good time for this meeting?  

	How about Wednesday, Nov 14 10:00 am?  Thanks MW

	Should we discuss before answering Greg?  My answers are in the blue.  I appreciate any feedback.
	Thanks. Lynn

Thanks for the clarification.

On number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deff. get allocated during the
same cycle as Demarc?  [Blair, Lynn]  Yes, during same cycle, but at a different time.
Seems unlikely since Demarc Deff. is a storage pt and
storage is allocated at a different time?

If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deff. where would our
customers pull from? [Blair, Lynn]  Customers can pick up gas at demarc def.  
The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc
or Demarc Deff.? [Blair, Lynn]  	Demarch def. 

Greg Hathaway

Office Phone: 804.273.4421

Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927

greg_hathaway@dom.com

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          "Blair, Lynn"|
|        |          <Lynn.Blair@e|
|        |          nron.com>    |
|        |                       |
|        |          11/07/01     |
|        |          03:18 PM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  |                                                                            |
>
     Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the
questions and answers that we promised you
     at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review
and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

>    1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the
> nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?
>
>         Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount
> or volume lower than scheduled amount
>                (2) RANK changed to a different number
>
>    2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in
> relation to mandatory monthly cash out?
>
>         Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E
>
>    3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc
> allocation?
>
>         Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only
> two points in the group
>
>    4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is
> allocated, can Virginia Power
>         switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and
> keep their gas flowing?
>
>         Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery
> IS included in a demarc allocation
>                because the transport tied to this storage
> nomination is physically coming from
>                       the field to the market area. (Greg we may
> not have been clear on this comment
>                on the conference call)
>

	John, FYI.  If you can attend that would be great.  Thanks. Lynn

I wanted to let you know that we will be discussing the MPS agreements and scheduling process with Lynn Blair and Gerry Medeles today at 3:00 PM in room 648. We will be addressing the reporting and analysis issues that these agreements are causing.

You're welcome to attend.

Don - I am planning to call Lynn in her office.

Ken Powers
(402) 398-7065

	Gary, any comments you want to add?  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is my worksheet with the two footnotes that I talked to Lynn about this morning.

Thanks,

Raetta

 

 

	Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to
	review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001.
	If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know. 

	Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed
	before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn
	 
 	  

	OK, after talking with Gerry, here is my second try at answering Greg's question trying
	not to get to detailed.  What do you think?

Thanks for the clarification.

On number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deff. get allocated during the
same cycle as Demarc?  Seems unlikely since Demarc Deff. is a storage pt and
storage is allocated at a different time? [Blair, Lynn]   Greg, if there is a transportation path from field to
demarc def, then the path is a part of the demarc allocation.  If there is a transportation path from field to demarc, then
	demarc to demarc def., the transportation path is considered in the demarc allocation, but the storage path
	will not be considered until the storage allocation.  
If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deff. where would our
customers pull from? [Blair, Lynn]   Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Def.
 The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc
or Demarc Deff.? [Blair, Lynn]  	Demarc def. 

Greg Hathaway

Office Phone: 804.273.4421

Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927

greg_hathaway@dom.com

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          "Blair, Lynn"|
|        |          <Lynn.Blair@e|
|        |          nron.com>    |
|        |                       |
|        |          11/07/01     |
|        |          03:18 PM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  |                                                                            |
>
     Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the
questions and answers that we promised you
     at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review
and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

>    1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the
> nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?
>
>         Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount
> or volume lower than scheduled amount
>                (2) RANK changed to a different number
>
>    2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in
> relation to mandatory monthly cash out?
>
>         Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E
>
>    3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc
> allocation?
>
>         Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only
> two points in the group
>
>    4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is
> allocated, can Virginia Power
>         switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and
> keep their gas flowing?
>
>         Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery
> IS included in a demarc allocation
>                because the transport tied to this storage
> nomination is physically coming from
>                       the field to the market area. (Greg we may
> not have been clear on this comment
>                on the conference call)
>

	Let me try this answer:  

	A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Def. is a part of the Demarc allocation.  When we
	look at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point.

	Don't hesitate to edit my comment.  Thanks. Lynn

I guess what Lynn is trying to convey is that, for the Demarc allocation which is a "group allocation", the system looks at transportation paths from the field to demarc and Demarc deferred, but the allocation only looks the delivery side of the allocation to implement the allocation, it does not take into consideration the receipt side of the path into account for the allocation.

Do we want to say "path" since we do not allocate by path - by point, by group?

	OK, after talking with Gerry, here is my second try at answering Greg's question trying
	not to get to detailed.  What do you think?

Thanks for the clarification.

On number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deff. get allocated during the
same cycle as Demarc?  Seems unlikely since Demarc Deff. is a storage pt and
storage is allocated at a different time? [Blair, Lynn]   Greg, if there is a transportation path from field to
demarc def, then the path is a part of the demarc allocation.  If there is a transportation path from field to demarc, then
	demarc to demarc def., the transportation path is considered in the demarc allocation, but the storage path
	will not be considered until the storage allocation.  
If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deff. where would our
customers pull from? [Blair, Lynn]   Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Def.
 The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc
or Demarc Deff.? [Blair, Lynn]  	Demarc def. 

Greg Hathaway

Office Phone: 804.273.4421

Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927

greg_hathaway@dom.com

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          "Blair, Lynn"|
|        |          <Lynn.Blair@e|
|        |          nron.com>    |
|        |                       |
|        |          11/07/01     |
|        |          03:18 PM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  |                                                                            |
>
     Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the
questions and answers that we promised you
     at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review
and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

>    1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the
> nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?
>
>         Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount
> or volume lower than scheduled amount
>                (2) RANK changed to a different number
>
>    2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in
> relation to mandatory monthly cash out?
>
>         Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E
>
>    3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc
> allocation?
>
>         Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only
> two points in the group
>
>    4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is
> allocated, can Virginia Power
>         switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and
> keep their gas flowing?
>
>         Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery
> IS included in a demarc allocation
>                because the transport tied to this storage
> nomination is physically coming from
>                       the field to the market area. (Greg we may
> not have been clear on this comment
>                on the conference call)
>

	Jo, I apologize.  Your right.  The imbalances are short to the pipe.  To be sure we are all
	on the same page.  All the deliveries off of NNG on this report took more gas than scheduled and the
	receipts gave us less than scheduled.  Thanks. Lynn

Isn't this 3.0 bcf short to the pipe?

	Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to
	review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001.
	If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know. 

	Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed
	before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn
	 
 	  << File: topimbalances_oct2001.xls >> 

	Ava, let's work on how we cancel things.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI - You probably already have received this eMail, but, if not...

TO: SGA  ENERGY ACCOUNTING/MARKET SERVICES 
CONFERENCE REGISTRANTS
Due to the recent tragic events, we have decided to postpone the SGA 
Energy Accounting/Market Services Conference scheduled for next 
week in New Orleans.
The Conference has been re-scheduled for January 16-18, 2002
at the Hyatt Regency New Orleans. We will hold your conference registration 
for the new date unless notified otherwise. 
To adjust  your hotel reservation to the new date, call Hyatt reservations 
at (504) 561-1234.  Do not contact the hotel until after September 22, as they 
may not have the new information in their system until then.
Should you have any questions, please contact me or my assistant Melinda  
Bellido at (972) 620-4020.  We look forward to seeing you in New Orleans.
Best regards, 
Patrick Downey 
SGA, Director 
Corporate & Associate Member 
Services
ph. 972.620.4026 fax 1613
 

	Greg, I answered your questions in blue.  Please let me know if you need more clarification.
	Thanks. Lynn

Thanks for the clarification.

On number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deff. get allocated during the
same cycle as Demarc?  [Blair, Lynn]  Yes  Seems unlikely since Demarc Deff. is a 
storage pt and storage is allocated at a different time? [Blair, Lynn]   A transportation 
delivery directly to  Demarc Def. is a part of the Demarc allocation.  When NNG looks at a storage allocation,
 we review all the  injections (or withdrawals) at the storage point. 

If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deff. where would our
customers pull from? [Blair, Lynn]   Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Def. 
The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc
or Demarc Deff.?   [Blair, Lynn]  	Demarc Def. 

Greg Hathaway

Office Phone: 804.273.4421

Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927

greg_hathaway@dom.com

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          "Blair, Lynn"|
|        |          <Lynn.Blair@e|
|        |          nron.com>    |
|        |                       |
|        |          11/07/01     |
|        |          03:18 PM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
  |                                                                            |
>
     Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday.  Here are the
questions and answers that we promised you
     at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6.  Please review
and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification.

>    1.  What fields can be changed on a nomination and the
> nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?
>
>         Answer - (1) QUANTITY volume equal to scheduled amount
> or volume lower than scheduled amount
>                (2) RANK changed to a different number
>
>    2.  Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in
> relation to mandatory monthly cash out?
>
>         Answer - Tariff Sheet 268, D & E
>
>    3.  What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc
> allocation?
>
>         Answer - Beatrice (Trailblazer) and demarc are the only
> two points in the group
>
>    4.  If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is
> allocated, can Virginia Power
>         switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and
> keep their gas flowing?
>
>         Answer - The field Receipt to demarc deffered delivery
> IS included in a demarc allocation
>                because the transport tied to this storage
> nomination is physically coming from
>                       the field to the market area. (Greg we may
> not have been clear on this comment
>                on the conference call)
>

	Really a short position not long.

	Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to
	review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October, 2001.
	If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know. 

	Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed
	before volumes go to park and ride. Thanks. Lynn
	 
 	  

	Cara, I hope you surgery goes well.  Very good memo on keeping the team and management
	informed.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks. Lynn

I will be out Thursday and Friday for oral surgery. I should be back on Monday assuming that everything goes well.  Wednesday I will be training at night with Jean. 

Panhandle has requested payback gas and Kay has approved it. Thursday and Friday Panhandle will receive 10,000 a day. Randy and I I nomed and confirmed the gas on our system for those two days. They want the payback to continue.  Scott has agreed to cover Panhandle and watch the payback.

Debra will cover any MOPS activity. 

Thank you,

Cara Vaughan

	Ava, let's discuss changes I need for my presentation tomorrow.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI Only

Attached is a copy of the Gas Logistics presentation that I gave at Phil Lowry's operations conference this morning.

 

	Harry, have you seen this?  Are you familiar with the info?  	
	I have a meeting at 3:00 with Dan Fancler, Tracy and Steve Weller
	on the EPPI issues.  Just wondered if you have any detail on
	this attachment I need to understand?  Thanks. Lynn

Here is Oneok's work on Jan00.  Where do they differ from us?  Steve

Hey Steve,
Kim and I have been looking at your spreadsheet.  I am attaching our
spreadsheet so you can see how we came up with our numbers.  It looks like
there is a pricing problem on your spreadsheet.  You have a price for
1/18/00 and there isn't pricing for that day.  The Jan00L tab in our
spreadsheet calculates the current invoice.  The Jan00S tab calculates what
we should have paid, inclusive of PPAs.  Kim tells me that our worksheets
are per the contract.  If you have questions, please email me or give me a
call.  Hopefully we can get this worked out as soon as possible.
Thanks!

Sorry - I didn't mean to bug you - good things take time.  Steve

I received both your email and fax.  I haven't had a chance to look at
it
yet.  I am in the middle of my closing cycle.  I'm trying to get the
plant
closed and statements mailed before I can take a look at this.  If I
don't
get closed Harry Woodson won't be a happy camper if I'm not able to
provide
3rd party shrink numbers to him before he has to close.  I realize you
are
trying to pay us $$$$$, but the timing of this issue finally resurfacing
is
bad.  I will look at this as soon as the plant is closed.
Thanks!
Sherry

Sherry:  Did you get the fax?  Does any of it makes sense?  Steve 

>  -----Original Message-----

	Should we be talking about make up when we are allocating Belleville?  I had a question from Alliant,
	"You, NNG and ANR both have room to deliver gas to ANR, even though you are doing an allocation,
	why can't you schedule more delivery at ANR?  Wouldn't that help the system?"  I think it would be
	hard to explain that we are doing make up, allocating and NOT letting a shipper increase deliveries all
	at the same time.  What do you guys think?  Thanks. Lynn

   With low pressure at LS Power, Gas Control resquested ANR stay on rate at Janesville.  We will try to do make-up tomorrow, Nov. 14.
   
James

ANR will try to pull an additional 10,000 for today, 11-13-01 at Janesville POI-180.  They are short about 40,000 on their OBA for current month.

  James

I have contacted David Holmes regarding POI 506-Plymouth Benedum Plant.

Mine have been contacted.

Randy Janzen
   This is the imbalance at these points as of Nov. 10th. Please get with the respective parties to get these points back in balance.
  If you have a question or if I can help please give me a call. 

  Gary

POI-  2511 Conoco Mertzon       + 16,800
        506    Plymouth                 - 19,000
        183    Shell Tippett             +21,800
        89      Mitchell Plt.              -11,700
       2689   Phillips Spraberry      -22,000
       71214  KN Pony Express    -18,000
      234      NIGAS                  + 18,800
     180       ANR Janesville       + 36,900
     25324   Cabot Moore           -14,800 
     59531   Janzen                 + 20,700

   + long to pipe
   - short to pipe

	Greg, following are the questions you asked and my answers.  Please give me a call if you have
	any questions. (713-853-7637).  

	1.  Number 4 is still a little fuzzy.  Does Demarc Deferred get allocated during the same cycles as Demarc?

		Answer:  Yes

	2.   Seems unlikely since Demarc Deferred is a storage point and storage is allocated at a different time?

		Answer:  A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Deferred is a part of the Demarc allocation.  
			  When NNG looks at a storage allocation, we review all the injections (or withdrawals)
	 		  at the storage point.  The two referenced allocations are done seperately, but during the same
			  cycle.

	3.  If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deferred where would our customers pull from?

		Answer:  Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Deferred

	4.  The storage that is offered by NNG's park and ride is at what location?  Demarc or Demarc Deferred?

		Answer:  Demarc Deferred

	Hopefully this helped.  Thanks. Lynn

	Frank, where are we on the review you were heading up after our conference call with Dave
	and Measurement?  Looks like more and more customers are questioning our numbers.
	If there is anything we can do to help you out, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

Gary,  I received a call on 11/13 from Bill Lindley (Clayton Energy) agent for City of Hartley, IA.  Bill was inquiring about the actual daily volume allocations at POI 60551, Meter Number 722015-01.  He incurred about $5,503.35 in DDVC penalties for the month of Oct.  2001 due to daily variances at the TBS.  Bill was asking if the actuals were estimated from the 17th - 31st.  In checking with Frankie the end of the month index readings were used to estimate the volume due to the chart being received after close.  

Bill (Clayton Energy) has requested that we pull the chart(s) and check the reading to verify that the penalties and the daily volume are correct for the month of Oct..  Bill has provided me with the daily readings from his check meter at this TBS to compare with.  This check will determine if the daily volumes need to be reallocated and a PPA generated.  

Give me a call if you have any questions.    

						j.  floyd	

	Mike, I am covered as long as you or Jodie are attending.   Thanks. Lynn

I have visited with Kenneth and he said that anyone interested could attend so I am passing this on to see if you can make it or if you want someone to attend.     This product will not currently provide SCADA data but Kenneth is going to see if it can be adapted for SCADA along with the PGAS volumes.

Tks - Mike W. - Meas. Desk

I have asked Dan Noack of DataGateway to provide us with a brief presentation and demo of their products.

Location: 3AC - 3rd floor conference room
Date: Friday November 16
Time : 10:00AM - 11:30AM

They currently have two products, NetMeter and NetBalance.  The NetMeter applications looks like it would provide us with a cost effective way of making our PGAS measurement data available to our customers via the web.  NetMeter is a service they provide and our cost is based on the number of meters we post to their system.

They also have a new data validation product which will be released first quarter in 2002.  This product could be used with our PGAS system to perform some automated validation of our volume data.  Dan will be providing an overview of this product as part of this presentation.

Kenneth

Dan Noack
DataGateway
www.datagateway.net
12811 Dove Point Lane, Houston, TX  77041
dnoack@datagateway.net
ph:(713) 256.8052    fax:(713)856.7648

	Mike, let me know what kind of feed back you get.  Thanks. Lynn

It has come to my attention that changing the operational storage capacity between the Evening process and the NonGrid process can be unduly problematic for customers because most of the pipelines that interconnect with NNG do not recognize the NonGrid process. Such changes can lead to EPSQ issues during the ID1 process when shipper quantities cut during the NonGrid storage allocation end up being less than the EPSQ calculated for ID1. The differences that result will most probably end up as shipper imbalances on NNG. 
For this reason, it is strongly recommended that operational storage capacity not be changed between the Evening and the NonGrid processes in the future. 

	Audrey, put me on the list.  I plan on attending.  Thanks for the invite.  Lynn

We are pleased to announce the new date and time of our Appreciation Luncheon.  Please mark your calendars for Thursday, September 27, 11:30a - 3:00p.  We will meet at the same location, Jillians,  7620 Katy Freeway.

Please RSVP by Friday of this week.

	Thanks in advance,

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

Please be informed, because a large number of our invitees had conflicting schedules, we are moving the date of our Appreciation Luncheon.  Steve's main objective was to include as many of  ETS' TW Teams as possible.  To achieve this effort, the luncheon will be moved to a date and time which does not conflict with activities within ETS.  

As soon as we confirm our date, we will notify you via email.

Thanks in advance for your patience and understanding.

adr

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

Steve Harris would like to let you know that your hard work during the past few months has been sincerely appreciated.

A "Thank You Luncheon" has been scheduled to express this appreciation.  Please mark your calendars to attend a luncheon on Friday, September 7, 2001, from 11:30a - 3:00p at Jillian's, 7620 Katy Freeway.

We hope that each of you will be able to share this time with Steve and the TW Commercial Group.

Please RSVP to me by Friday, August 31. 
  

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

	Lori, please coordinate any testing for the Customer teams for NNG and TW with Mike Bodnar.
	Thanks. Lynn

As we discussed this morning in Shelley's staff meeting, below is the information about the Business Objects Upgrade.  

Lori:  We are recommending a coordinated testing effort to verify that the upgrade does not effect customer reports.  Please coordinate with Legale and any individuals from Rick's, Lynn's or Sheila's group as they so designate.  

Brad

Brad,

This is what I would like to convey to the users at this time.  Also, let everyone know that I am available to attend their individual staff meetings.

The Business Objects IT staff is currently in the process of upgrading the hardware and software for Business Objects.  The hardware will provide better processing times and more stability.  The software upgrade will provide some bug fixes and enhancements.

As far as the effect to the users, the impact should be minimal.  

If the users accesses Business Objects through InfoSource.ETS.Enron.com, there will be no changes.
If the users accesses BO through ZABO, they will need the new version installed.  This will accomplished through a Corp script that will either push the new software onto the users PC or they will have to select a Start menu item.

The go live date is Dec 1.

Lori Saffer will be sending reminder e-mails as the deadline approaches.  

Thank you for all your help,
Lori Saffer
713-853-0641

	fyi.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn--
  Today during the team leader meeting you mentioned setting up a meeting with the Solution Center for next Tuesday. I realized
later that I was planning to comp next Tuesday because I am working this coming weekend. Possibly they might be short-staffed
next week with it being Thanksgiving week. Could we schedule with them for the Tuesday after Thanksgiving?

                                          Thanks-
                                                 Shirley 

	Shirley, I have forwarded your message to John.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn--
  Today during the team leader meeting you mentioned setting up a meeting with the Solution Center for next Tuesday. I realized
later that I was planning to comp next Tuesday because I am working this coming weekend. Possibly they might be short-staffed
next week with it being Thanksgiving week. Could we schedule with them for the Tuesday after Thanksgiving?

                                          Thanks-
                                                 Shirley 

	FYI.  Thought you guys might be interested in this.  Thanks. Lynn

 

could you also send a copy to Lynn Blair and myself.  thanks fs

Frank, I sent the draft of the summary to Dave yesterday, I'll let you know if I receive any comments. 

Dave, here is another example of the underlying issues concerning the practice of index readings because of late charts. Courtney will distribute a summary draft of our recommendations later today, specifically addressing the 7 and 16 day charts issues.

Gary,  I received a call on 11/13 from Bill Lindley (Clayton Energy) agent for City of Hartley, IA.  Bill was inquiring about the actual daily volume allocations at POI 60551, Meter Number 722015-01.  He incurred about $5,503.35 in DDVC penalties for the month of Oct.  2001 due to daily variances at the TBS.  Bill was asking if the actuals were estimated from the 17th - 31st.  In checking with Frankie the end of the month index readings were used to estimate the volume due to the chart being received after close.  

Bill (Clayton Energy) has requested that we pull the chart(s) and check the reading to verify that the penalties and the daily volume are correct for the month of Oct..  Bill has provided me with the daily readings from his check meter at this TBS to compare with.  This check will determine if the daily volumes need to be reallocated and a PPA generated.  

Give me a call if you have any questions.    

						j.  floyd	

	Frank, thank you for the update.  I would like to attend this meeting.  Also I added Jodie and
	Steve on here, because they are very interested in the discussion as well.  I hope that
	is OK.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

We have a meeting set up with Dave, Don Hawkins and Charlie Thompson to this Friday from 1:00 to 2:00 concerning measurement. I am not sure what the exact topic will be but you are welcome to sit in. Also I plan to distribute a recommendation today concerning the treatment of the 7 and 16 day clocks based upon my understanding of the situation and will copy you.

	Frank, where are we on the review you were heading up after our conference call with Dave
	and Measurement?  Looks like more and more customers are questioning our numbers.
	If there is anything we can do to help you out, please let me know.  Thanks. Lynn

Gary,  I received a call on 11/13 from Bill Lindley (Clayton Energy) agent for City of Hartley, IA.  Bill was inquiring about the actual daily volume allocations at POI 60551, Meter Number 722015-01.  He incurred about $5,503.35 in DDVC penalties for the month of Oct.  2001 due to daily variances at the TBS.  Bill was asking if the actuals were estimated from the 17th - 31st.  In checking with Frankie the end of the month index readings were used to estimate the volume due to the chart being received after close.  

Bill (Clayton Energy) has requested that we pull the chart(s) and check the reading to verify that the penalties and the daily volume are correct for the month of Oct..  Bill has provided me with the daily readings from his check meter at this TBS to compare with.  This check will determine if the daily volumes need to be reallocated and a PPA generated.  

Give me a call if you have any questions.    

						j.  floyd	

	Mary and Dari, here is my answer.  Are you comfortable with it
	before I send it to the shipper.  Thanks. Lynn

	Answer:  If an interruptible shipper is bumped in the Intraday 1
	         cycle, the shipper will keep 1/3 of their scheduled volumes.
	         Shippers schedule becomes their actual unless they are the
		   operator of the point.  Therefore, they would not encounter
	         a DDVC penalty.  If the Shipper is the operator, NNG looks at
		   total scheduled volumes vs total actual delivered volumes and determines
		   if a DDVC is appropriate.  The DDVC is based on the difference
		   between total scheduled and the actual delivery at the point.  

	If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to give me a call.
	Lynn Blair (713-853-7637). 

		   

Lynn, Steve,

When Gary post the SOL or SUL this verbiage goes along with the critical notice:

DDVC penalties are applicable to the bumped shipper's quantity.  

Who needs to answer her question?

> If a shipper is bumped (i.e....their nomination gets cut), how can NNG
> charge DDVC penalties?
> 
> 
What am I not understanding, please?

> Joanne
> 

Mary, I am going to be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday of next week as well as
Monday, November 26th.  Do you need me in the meeting?  If not John Buchanan can
attend in my place.  Thanks. Lynn

	Attached is a VERY HIGH level evacuation plan we can start with in the morning at 9:00 a.m.

		 

	Don't panic, bring your additions and improvements to the meeting and we can modify this plan.

	I just thought we could start with this.  Thanks. Lynn

	FYI.  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

Shelley & Lynn,   Fran has advised me there are no legal problems with schedulers working a weekend shift from 7 am to 10 pm for one weekend day, the other scheduler will take the other day.  Each will be given a two days of comp time as they are today for their two 8 hour shifts. Fran does have a concern of fatigue in the later hours, just a we do.  There are only two team members that are interested in this schedule, so we'll give it a try and let you know how it goes.  Sheila

	Shelley, here is a PAA I referenced that Donna and I  are recommending for Amy.

		 

	Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn

	
	Please post the attached notice.  Thanks. Lynn

		 

	Brad and Donna, you have all of my employees covered.  Only change is Cynthia Rivers and
	Jacob conklin need to be under Sheila instead of me.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached is the list of employees and necessary information for the PAA distribution.  This was generated by HR.  

Sheila and Lynn:  Please review the list for accuaracy of your employees.  I have reviewed Rick's employees.  Mike and Steve, I have reviewed your employees based on the information you provided.  No Midland employees are included on this list.  

Donna and I are working on the PAA form.  We will forward it along when it is complete.  

Brad

 << File: ETS Gas Logistics.xls >> 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

It may be standard practice in your opinion, but Kelly, Bill and I have never heard of this or remember it happening to us.  Also Entergy-Koch was completely surprised by it as well.  We just can't understand why you would call a reduction in a withdrawal an injection.  Your allocation is limiting storage injections and we were not making an injection.  We'd like to know where to find this in the tariff so we can read it and understand it better.  We pulled looked at the 8 a.m. process instructions on the web and it doesn't say anything about this.

What is really upsetting to us is were thought we were set up fine to be in compliance with the SUL and suddenly we couldn't do what we thought we had a right to do, even though Hot Tap accepted the nomination.  On top of that, no one from NNG called us to let us know that our nomination had been undone and the same thing would have happened to us on the 11/15 gas day if we hadn't been lucky enough to have found it on our own.  We pushed the gas across to ANR, but we are going to incur penalties from them as a result.  The other really strange thing is that during the intraday processes we can cut back on our withdrawal even though storage is allocated, but you can't do it at 8 a.m.  It just doesn't make any sense to us.

>>> "Sebesta, Chris" <Chris.Sebesta@enron.com> 11/16/01 10:32AM >>>
Jeff, I am sorry WP&L and IES are experiencing allocation problems.  It
is standard procedure during a storage (injection) allocation the 8 am
true up process does not allow FDD withdrawal reductions or storage
injections.  Many other shippers are also working hard to manage their
business.  Other than getting truer information on your market's needs
or finding alternate markets for your excess capacity, I don't have any
other ideas on how to address your zone allocations.

As requested I will add this item to our December 10 meeting agenda.

Chris

You should know that we are unhappy about something else now.  For the
11/14 gas day you (NNG) did not let us reduce our FDD withdrawal
nomination to zero in the 8 am process like normal because of a storage
injection allocation.  Because of this WP&L is going to get hit with SUL
DDVC penalties. Entergy-Koch who handles the IES assests was surprised
by this as well and IES may incur penalties too.

We weren't trying to make an injection, we were just trying to cut our
withdrawal to zero.  We always schedule a maximum withdrawal in the
winter because we are always at risk of a zone allocaton just like we
have been seeing lately.  We've had conference call with Jean Blair and
Jerry Wilkens on the topic.  We are also in trouble now for the 11/15
gas day, which we are current trying to figure a way out of.  You can
add this item to our discussion topics when you visit.

Jeff

Jeff Hicken
Gas Trader
Alliant-Energy
608-252-3173

>>> "Sebesta, Chris" <Chris.Sebesta@enron.com> 11/13/01 09:52AM >>>
Lynn, as indicated in my voice mail, Frank and I would like you to call
Jeff Hicken of Alliant Energy.  He would like someone to explain, (1)
why he is getting allocated at the zone level when he is trying to
adjust his timely cycle noms later in the day to reflect lower
requirements, and (2) what are his alternatives, especially as storage
may have a chance of being allocated.  Please call Jeff today.  He can
be reached at 608-252-3173.

Thank you.

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413
chris.sebesta@enron.com

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

To help clarify, a storage withdrawal reduction essentially created the same physical effect as would an injection during the recent storage allocations.

For example: If the storage fields had a net injection on a given day of 100 dth(physical maximum)and at the 8:00 a.m. cycle an injection increased by 25 dth, it would be denied because of the physical limitations. The same limitation would occur if a withdraw was reduced by 25 dth (creating a net 125 dth injection) at the 8:00 a.m. process because the same physical limitation existing.   
		Injections	(150)
		Withdrawals	 50	
		Net 		(100) physical limitation	
Trying to reduce a redraw of 25 dth would create:
		Injections  (150)
		Withdrawals   25
		Net		(125) physically above the limitation and would be allocated.

The intra-day process are interative, that is FDD withdrawals/injections can impact the interruptible storage availability during the intra-day cycles, whereas the 8:00 a.m. process is only a individual true-up and not interative with the other storage agreements.

Lynn and Chris would gladly schedule some time to help clarify these issues, and I am sure it will be a lot more informative than my attempt here.  

It may be standard practice in your opinion, but Kelly, Bill and I have never heard of this or remember it happening to us.  Also Entergy-Koch was completely surprised by it as well.  We just can't understand why you would call a reduction in a withdrawal an injection.  Your allocation is limiting storage injections and we were not making an injection.  We'd like to know where to find this in the tariff so we can read it and understand it better.  We pulled looked at the 8 a.m. process instructions on the web and it doesn't say anything about this.

What is really upsetting to us is were thought we were set up fine to be in compliance with the SUL and suddenly we couldn't do what we thought we had a right to do, even though Hot Tap accepted the nomination.  On top of that, no one from NNG called us to let us know that our nomination had been undone and the same thing would have happened to us on the 11/15 gas day if we hadn't been lucky enough to have found it on our own.  We pushed the gas across to ANR, but we are going to incur penalties from them as a result.  The other really strange thing is that during the intraday processes we can cut back on our withdrawal even though storage is allocated, but you can't do it at 8 a.m.  It just doesn't make any sense to us.

>>> "Sebesta, Chris" <Chris.Sebesta@enron.com> 11/16/01 10:32AM >>>
Jeff, I am sorry WP&L and IES are experiencing allocation problems.  It
is standard procedure during a storage (injection) allocation the 8 am
true up process does not allow FDD withdrawal reductions or storage
injections.  Many other shippers are also working hard to manage their
business.  Other than getting truer information on your market's needs
or finding alternate markets for your excess capacity, I don't have any
other ideas on how to address your zone allocations.

As requested I will add this item to our December 10 meeting agenda. 

Chris

You should know that we are unhappy about something else now.  For the
11/14 gas day you (NNG) did not let us reduce our FDD withdrawal
nomination to zero in the 8 am process like normal because of a storage
injection allocation.  Because of this WP&L is going to get hit with SUL
DDVC penalties. Entergy-Koch who handles the IES assests was surprised
by this as well and IES may incur penalties too.

We weren't trying to make an injection, we were just trying to cut our
withdrawal to zero.  We always schedule a maximum withdrawal in the
winter because we are always at risk of a zone allocaton just like we
have been seeing lately.  We've had conference call with Jean Blair and
Jerry Wilkens on the topic.  We are also in trouble now for the 11/15
gas day, which we are current trying to figure a way out of.  You can
add this item to our discussion topics when you visit.  

Jeff

Jeff Hicken
Gas Trader
Alliant-Energy
608-252-3173

>>> "Sebesta, Chris" <Chris.Sebesta@enron.com> 11/13/01 09:52AM >>>
Lynn, as indicated in my voice mail, Frank and I would like you to call
Jeff Hicken of Alliant Energy.  He would like someone to explain, (1)
why he is getting allocated at the zone level when he is trying to
adjust his timely cycle noms later in the day to reflect lower
requirements, and (2) what are his alternatives, especially as storage
may have a chance of being allocated.  Please call Jeff today.  He can
be reached at 608-252-3173.

Thank you. 

Chris Sebesta
Northern Natural Gas
Office:  402-398-7064
Fax:      402-398-7413 
chris.sebesta@enron.com 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

After discussing with Lynn and Glen, we think that we would like to file comments in this proceeding concerning an issue we have had since this has been implemented on Nov 1.  In instances where SoCal happens to call their OFO in the Intraday 2 cycle, it can cause Transwestern to have Shipper imbalances because we do not have an opportunity to pass-along these reductions to our upstream parties.  We think we would like to file a letter that may mention our general support of the "direction" of SoCal's changes, but that we do have an issue that has developed since actual implementation that we are currently working on with them.  Lynn & I worked on this rough general description we thought could be incorporated into a brief letter.
	
		"If SoCal calls an OFO in the Intraday 2 Cycle, an allocation is passed to Transwestern through the confirmation process with SoCal.  Due to the timing of these OFO's, Transwestern is unable to confirm such reductions with Transwestern's upstream parties."

Lynn thinks if we are unable to resolve this issue with SoCal, TW could have high Shipper imbalance exposure.

Lindy , can you please take a look at this and let me know if we should file comments. Thanks. You might see if Glen has looked at it yet.

	Steve

Glen and Steve:
 
The attached supplemental advice filing by SoCalGas replaces the  changes to Rule 30, Transportation of Customer-Owned Gas, proposed by AL2837.   The purpose of this filing is to  describe the new internal receipt point operating procedures that SoCalGas is  implementing, and to request Commission authorization to include the revised  operating procedures in Rule 30. SoCalGas says this step is being taken in  anticipation that it will be replaced with a system of firm tradable intrastate  transmission rights in Gas Industry Restructuring (GIR) proceeding, I.99-07-003.  
During  the GIR panel hearings, several parties requested that SoCalGas publish its  windowing criteria in tariffs to facilitate a better understanding of the method  used to allocate receipt point  capacity.  SoCalGas agreed to make  such a filing, and D.99-07-015 directed SoCalGas to file an advice letter adding  windowing information to its tariffs.  To comply with this directive, on August  6, 1999, SoCalGas filed AL2837, which has not been acted on by the Commission.  
Customer complaints about SoCalGas' windowing  procedures have convinced SoCalGas that it should replace its internal  windowing operating procedures with a system that is open to the maximum  operating capacity at each SoCalGas receipt point.  SoCalGas is making these internal  operating changes effective November 1, 2001.  SoCalGas held meetings with upstream  pipelines on October 17, and with interested customers and stakeholders on  October 18, regarding the upcoming changes.  They were invited to ask any questions in  the days leading up to the meetings. 
Comments and/or protests are due on November 21.  Have a good  weekend!
Dan
 
Law Offices of Daniel W. Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.  Suite  244
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Tel:   (818) 596-2201
Fax:   (818) 346-6502douglass@energyattorney.com 
 
 - AL2837-A.PDF 

    Alma, please put me on thel ist to attend.  Thanks. Lynn

RSVP by November 26th, if you are planning to attend the Team Celebration.

Attached are the Storage Desk 3rd Party Storage Procedures for your information.

 

Reyna Cabrera
(713) 853-3072

	Can you get this note to the people working next weekend.  Thanks. Lynn

Turkey, ham and all the trimmings will be provided to Gas Control and the Schedulers who are working on Thanksgiving Day. The ham and sides will be delivered by Honeybaked and I will be bringing the turkey in around 11 a.m. Thursday. thanks. sj

	Bob, you are correct in your statement.  But I want to be sure Koch understand
	when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that
	path will be 2828 less fuel.  Otherwise I agree with you statements.  I will
	be out next week, but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any
	questions.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:  Please verify that if Koch realigns their 35,000/d contract (K# 20510)such that their MDQ at Carlton matches their Carlton flow obligation of 2,828 and has the rest of their 32,172/d at Marshall (They would need to realign 30 mcf from Carlton to Marshall to effectuate the above, and I've checked with Doug Aschwege to make sure he would approve it.) that Steve's and my interpretation as described below is correct.  Basically the question is whether the Carlton flow obligation is only the Tariff stated volume (ie., no fuel imputed) and that the remainder of the MDQ plus fuel on the whole 35,000/d will flow as primary firm receipts at Marshall.  Thanks for your help!

Bob, 

Per our conversations earlier this month,  My contract 20510 needs to have
only 2828 mmbtu at Carlton and 32172 at Marshall.  All of the fuel for the
transport needs to be taken from Marshall.  Currently, this contract has
2858 at Carlton.  This is 30 above my obligation.  After this change is
made, it is my expectation that under no circumstances will my volume at
Carlton be curtailed below a receipt volume of 32568 at Marshall.   A
combination of 2828 plus 32568 gives me a delivered volume of 35000.  That
is my firm entitlement and curtailments below that are unacceptable as long
as my nominations are primary FT.

Please contact me at 713-544-4017 if more clarification is needed.

Thank you.  

Steve Phillips

	Mike, be sure we discuss this on Monday morning.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn...Do you have a couple of minutes to discuss this note from Tim?

Mike,

I spoke with Steve Sweeney at Cogentrix today regarding this spreadsheet, and he would like to see our data for every day from June 1, 2001 through September 30, 2001 as you calculated for the few random days throughout the summer.  The spreadsheet seems to indicate that we did not allocate Cogentrix on some of the days in question.  This information is contrary to the information Steve provided and must be explored further. 

Steve is getting impatient with this process.  He would like to see this come to a resolution as soon as possible.  I said that I understand his concern and we will do our best to resolve this in a timely matter.  

Kent, once Mike finishes the spreadsheet, I recommend that we meet and discuss our offer to Cogentrix.  

Tim Johanson

 << File: Storage analysis.xls >> 

Call me when you get this.

Tim

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

FYI.  If you hadn't already heard, sounds like ONEOK has retained a new condensate/water hauler (CP Energy?).  Just a heads up since this may impact your receipt of information (revenue statements and/or run tickets) regarding the quantities of liquid removed from our facilities.

Charlie
As most of you are now aware of, OneOk has hired a new trucking company to haul off the pipeline drips and condensate tanks at our locations where drip is contained in the southwest Kansas area.
There has been an appointment set to meet with this new trucking company representative on Monday, Sept. 24th at the Liberal Region office complex at 1:00 p.m.
The main focus will be for the teams involved to show the vendor where these locations are that have previously been picked up by WEGO, and to make arrangements for them to review previous schedules to haul these condensates. What they have requested from the teams are maps to each point along with driving directions that are specific to each location. It comes to my mind that maybe we could provide them with a copy of our emergency response driving directions that the teams should have on hand.
It was also brought to my attention, from my management, that this tasks needs to be handed off to the region operations management people so that they may coordinate the activities to their needs and schedules. It was also discussed that proper safety and procedure practices need be recognized by this new company which will be entering ETS facilities to provide their services for OneOk.
This would also be a prime opportunity to request that driver "run tickets" be left at all locations that drip is removed from. This would not only provide us with audit trail material for the future, but can give us documentation for comparisons at the places where we have load-out meters installed.
With these suggestions considered, maybe we can go forward from here with our continued services and work ethics with OneOk to provide a more positive customer relationship.
Thanks you in advance for your cooperation in this matter.

RB

P.S.     All teams do not need to have a rep. present at this meeting. Randy Howard, myself and a few others that I have asked to provide the maps from are all that will be needed.

	Tim and Randy, how did the traning go?  Thanks. Lynn

Hello,

Xcel has requested that we provide an afternoon of training at their offices in Denver (similar to last year).  The training would go from 12:00 PM - 4:30 PM on 11/15/01 and would cover any nomination/scheduling questions they have.  Xcel has also asked to have someone there to specifically address capacity release and the final AM true-up process.

Please let me know who you would recommend as representatives from NNG.  I would like to get back to Xcel by this Thursday regarding our attendees.

Tim Johanson 

	
	Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation
	based on discussions with Kent and Frank.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Fran, do you have an updated org chart that I could send to the Measurement group?
	Thanks. Lynn

Lynn,

Attached are the org charts for ETS Gas Logistics:

 

Have a great weekend.  Thanks!

Miranda

	Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001.

	Topic:	Restructure the information on the TW pipe for the morning meeting

	Time: 	1 hour

	Attendees:	Shelley Corman*
			Steve January*
			Darrell Schoolcraft
			Lynn Blair*
			Terry kowalke
			Dale Ratliff*

	*Required attendance

	Thanks for the help.  Lynn

	FYI.  Wanted to pass on this information.  After working with Minnegasco to help them
	use Park and Ride as much as possible (considering we were allocating storage), the
	Minnegasco scheduler went into the system for Friday's gas day and changed their business
	between Intraday 1 and Intraday 2.  This caused cuts through Demarc and Mid 17.  We 
	tried to help as much as possible and keep the same rules we have with all other shippers.
	If you have any questions, please let me know.   Thanks. Lynn

FYI,
K#21349 CONTRACT RECEIPT NOMINATION FOR 11-16-01:     333,400 DTHS
              SCHEDULE RECEIPT VOLS. (FINAL)                         227,819 DTHS
                                                                                            -105,581 DTHS SHORT FOR THE DAY RECEIPTS
             ADJUSTED SCHEDULE RECEIPT VOLS. (FINAL)     +  43,834 DTHS
                                                                                              -61,747 DTHS  SHORT FOR THE DAY RECEIPTS

**NOTE**
 #1  ALL SCHEDULE STORAGE (POI-98 & 71459) @ FINAL WAS REROUTED TO POI-197 (GLENWOOD)  = 13,103 DTHS
 #2  BROUGHT OUT OF P&R STORAGE (POI-71459) A VOLUME OF 6,459 DTHS TO BALANCE POI-197 (GLENWOOD)
 #3  SCHEDULED DELIVERIES AT THE ZONE (3026) A VOLUME OF 164,025 DTHS

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

	Bob, you are correct in your statement.  But I want to be sure Koch understand
	when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that
	path will be 2828 less fuel.  Otherwise I agree with you statements.  I will
	be out next week, but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any
	questions.  Thanks. Lynn

Lynn:  Please verify that if Koch realigns their 35,000/d contract (K# 20510)such that their MDQ at Carlton matches their Carlton flow obligation of 2,828 and has the rest of their 32,172/d at Marshall (They would need to realign 30 mcf from Carlton to Marshall to effectuate the above, and I've checked with Doug Aschwege to make sure he would approve it.) that Steve's and my interpretation as described below is correct.  Basically the question is whether the Carlton flow obligation is only the Tariff stated volume (ie., no fuel imputed) and that the remainder of the MDQ plus fuel on the whole 35,000/d will flow as primary firm receipts at Marshall.  Thanks for your help!

Bob, 

Per our conversations earlier this month,  My contract 20510 needs to have
only 2828 mmbtu at Carlton and 32172 at Marshall.  All of the fuel for the
transport needs to be taken from Marshall.  Currently, this contract has
2858 at Carlton.  This is 30 above my obligation.  After this change is
made, it is my expectation that under no circumstances will my volume at
Carlton be curtailed below a receipt volume of 32568 at Marshall.   A
combination of 2828 plus 32568 gives me a delivered volume of 35000.  That
is my firm entitlement and curtailments below that are unacceptable as long
as my nominations are primary FT.

Please contact me at 713-544-4017 if more clarification is needed.

Thank you.  

Steve Phillips

	Jean, here is a blank PAA form to fill out if you have someone you want to recognize.
	Please fill out the form and send to Steve and John for approval since I will be out of
	the office until next Tuesday.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@enron.com

	Shelley, here is a first review of the document to the employees.

		 

	Thanks. Lynn

	Brad, looks good to me.  I really appreciate you getting these done.  Thanks. Lynn

Attached are the two PAA's for the above individuals.  I followed the recommendation of Ramona (for consistency purposes) and recommended at $250.  Let me know if you have any comments.  

 << File: Kathy WashingtonPAAForm.doc >>  << File: LyndaLaferlaPAAForm.doc >> 

	Sharon, would you please set up the following meeting for me to be held after  Tuesday of next week.

	Topic:	Review of process for testing model office and production

	Time Frame:  1 hour

	Attendees:	Brad Holmes
			Maggie Matheson
			Ramona Betancourt
			Hasan Kedwaii
			John Buchanan
			Terry Kowalke
			Sheila nacey
			Jim Studebaker

	Thanks. Lynn

	

	Terry, I would like for you to attend as well.  Thanks. Lynn

Please plan to attend an OBA Meeting to be held on Friday, September 21, 10:00a - 11:30a in EB-49C2/7C2 in Omaha.

adr

Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax

	I will be on vacation Tuesday, November 20 through Monday, November 26.  I will be back in the
	office on Tuesday, November 27th.  John and Terry are in the office all week and Terry is on
	call for the holiday weekend for scheduling issues.  
	
	Terry and Steve can get a hold of me over the holidays if needed.

	For accounting issues, Raetta and Larry will be in the office Tuesday and Wednesday, with Raetta
	taking a half day vacation on Wednesday.

	All of you have a great Thanksgiving with your families.  I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn

Same here!  You touched on everything we discussed.

Looks good to me.  

 << File: 2001 YEAR END PROCESS REVIEW.doc >> 

	FYI.  Thanks. Lynn

See the attached for the NNG Card list by team. SC= SouthCentral Team N=North team and SC-N means both claim the customer. 

 

John Buchanan

	Debra, thanks for your reply.  Are you comfortable now that you can perform this function instead
	of Raetta if Jean is gone?  Does Jean need to have more specific instructions to cover Transok that
	specifies the timing for putting the allocations in the system?  Thanks. Lynn

I had reviewed with Jean the procedures for allocating the volumes using the required spreadsheet from Transok.  However, I did not have procedure for the allocation of
estimated volumes.  Upon requesting the spreadsheet from Transok for the current month, I learned that the spreadsheet would not be available until after our close.  At
this point, I  found that I was in need of Raetta's help to put in estimates.  To date, I have  received the current month spreadsheet from Transok which will require
PPAs,

	Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation.
	Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed
	as we needed.  Just wanted to follow up.  I would be glad to visit with you about
	this if we need.

	Thanks. Lynn

	Tim and Mike, would it be appropriate to have Mike call Bill and get specifics from him?  Then
	we can do a conference call to explain the cuts?  Just a suggestion.  Thanks. Lynn
Tim,
I can't find a single date when LSP's  overrun injections were cut completely. The LSP - Whitewater FDD contract has had 27 days this injection season where, at the end of the gas day, overrun injections are scheduled. I have found an example where USES tried to increase their nomination during the gas day. However all the available capacity had been scheduled during an earlier process cycle. When this occurs, no incremental injections can be scheduled unless incremental capacity becomes available. Another problem is that at the end of most gas days USES utilizes storage netting to further complicate the analysis.
I really need more to go on. If USES can provide a date or dates it would help our analysis. 

 << File: lspoverrun.xls >> Tim,

Please find attached a summary showing the injection overrun volumes LSP scheduled on their FDD contracts 23281 and 23282 during the injection months of June, July and August 2001.

Since the storage allocation is administered in Market Services, I have asked Mike Bodnar to look into specifics of the days allocated vs. LS Power's overrun volumes.  I did do one quick spot check of a day where we allocated storage through the Intraday 2 process, and I found that LSP did indeed schedule injection overrun quantities on that day.  Specifically, I looked at the gas day of September 1, 2001.  I note that LSP schedule 7,825 mmbtu on an MDQ of 3,008 on contract 23281, and they scheduled 5,945 mmbtu on an MDQ of 3,560 on contract 23282 on Sept 1st.  I'm not sure that it is accurate to say they are never getting any injection overrun on days we allocate storage.  I can tell you that I think the allocation process is working correctly, but I'll let Mike speak to these issues further.

Hope this helps!

Kay

Kay,

Bill Anderson from US Energy mentioned to Kent and I at the KC Operations meeting that his FDD injection overrun volumes are being cut completely when there is a storage allocation.  At first, I thought this was due to a discounted injection overrun rate being charged to LS Power/Cogentrix.  However, you confirmed yesterday that LS Power/Cogentrix is paying the full injection overrun rate, and therefore should get a pro-rata piece of the available capacity at the time of the allocation.  

I told Bill that we would look into our allocation process, and find out why LS Power/Cogentrix was being cut completely.  Could you let me know if you find anything incorrect in our allocation process with regards to the LS Power/Cogentrix account?  Perhaps LS Power/Cogentrix is entered into the allocation system incorrectly as a discounted rate?  

Please let me know what you find.  I would like to respond to Bill as soon as possible.

Thanks!!

Tim Johanson

	Don, this is great.  This report was a big hurdle for us.  I will check with the team on how it
	is working.  Thanks for all your support as we go forward in our Business Objects training.
	Thanks. Lynn

I finished development of a BusinessObjects Report to produce the NNG Bushton PVR information.  Today I turned this over to the Gas Logistics South End Team.  The report is available via the intranet web server Infosource.ets.enron.com.  I walked the team through the login process, refreshed and printed the report.  I plan to demonstrate how this report was built to the Gas Logistics report team being coordinated by Mike Bodnar.  I will do so at one of our earliest meetings.  Please let me know if you have questions.

u Don Powell
Manager Business Information
E-mail: Don.Powell@enron.com
n Enron Transportation Services
phone: 713-853-5801
fax: 713-646-8000
Web: <http://www.enron.com> 

Tami,

Thank you so much for your invitation.  I think it is a wonderful idea.  I, 
however, will be unable to attend.  Thank you againn and I am sure that you 
will have a wonderful time.

She is precious...... I need a baby fix..................

Well Now - how interesting - - They were cute.

oh - laughing

Who is Joey?

Sam,  use these pics.  Have a good day.

 - Dsc00060.jpg
 - Dsc00059.jpg

Just wanted to congradulate you and wish you much success in your new 
endeavors.

Warmest regards,
Sandra

Just a quick note to welcome you and congradulate  you on your new endeavors.

Warmest Regards,
Sandra

I can go Monday but I can't Tuesday.  How are you Pam ?  Can you / will you 
forward to Susan.

I appreciate your note and yes it has been awhile since we spoke.  I do chat 
with Ray occasionally.  Steve without sounding abrupt I still have no 
intention of doing business with your shop.  That situation was difficult  
for several of us involved, and it is not something  that I believe I will 
forget. nor understand.  

Sincerely,

Sandra

Hello Matt-

I am not verifying these transactions via EMail - for no other reason than 
time.  We should send you a confirmation by now.   If you need to confirm 
these please call Jeff  Royde @ 35295.

thanks

KENNY -
JON SENT ME THIS TODAY - I THOUGHT IT WAS MORE OF A MANS JOKE- IT IS LONG BUT 
KINDA FUNNY
>
>

Again sorry Susan but I can not make it this week.  I wish I couldbut I have 
been out too much latley  with work.  Thanks alot for the invite.  Please 
give Pam my best.  Have Fun !!

Wes,

Thank you for the BD wish.   I appreciate it more than you know.  I have been 
in a real funk lately and  special thoughts help alot.
Have a nice weekend.  Again , Thanks.   Also "THANKS" for the market help 
today with Transco zone 1.

Warmest Regards,
Sandra

thank you for the invite.  But I will not be able to attend.
  thnks
Sandra

Sandra,
I think you will enjoy this one.  I can see you giggling right now.
Pam
>

Sandra,
I think you will enjoy this one.  I can see you giggling right now.
Pam
>

My bible study lasted until 9:00.  I was exhausted.  I had been on the phone
all day.  I am working this career thing very hard.  I am leaving in the
morning for Tulsa to look at houses and apartments.  I have not excepted the
job yet.  I have to be sure.  I also have some interviews set up for Monday
and Tuesday of next week.

I have to have faith that God will lead me in the right direction.

I have to call Susan and Jon and apologize.

What is Jon's phone number at work?

Pam

>
> Smiling - thnks that is so true.  We missed you last night
>
>
>

My bible study lasted until 9:00.  I was exhausted.  I had been on the phone
all day.  I am working this career thing very hard.  I am leaving in the
morning for Tulsa to look at houses and apartments.  I have not excepted the
job yet.  I have to be sure.  I also have some interviews set up for Monday
and Tuesday of next week.

I have to have faith that God will lead me in the right direction.

I have to call Susan and Jon and apologize.

What is Jon's phone number at work?

Pam

>
> Smiling - thnks that is so true.  We missed you last night
>
>
>

Smiling - thnks that is so true.  We missed you last night

Sandra,
I think you will enjoy this one.  I can see you giggling right now.
Pam
>

Smiling.  At  your comments about Samantha - yes she did - and yes she is 
amazing.  Our Holidays were wonderful.  Our New Years was no big deal at 
all.  We (Kenny and I)  were a little under the weather and therefore did 
nothing - I  went to bed at 12:01   .   anyway - love to get togther for 
dinner soon.  have aq nice week. 

Think warm thoughts Susan-
Sandra

thanks you for this - i love it

I would love to but i can't this week.  Maybe next week.  But you guys please 
go on without me.

>
>

>
>

>
>

>
>

Hello Susan - Happy New Year - I hope all is well with you and yours.
The best of luck getting organized.  

The Brawner's
15911 Marwick Ct
Houston, Tx 77095

home   281-855-8797
sandra cell  713-594-7369
kenny cell    281-381-7288

scott phone numbers are 853-4723   and i guess his email is scott neal @ 
enron .com?  - good luck - love ya

I AM LOL - GAS OR TERDS  0 OKAY OKAY - I AM SORRY - I DIDNT KNOW THAT YOU 
WOULD CONSIDER TRADING PHYSICAL
THEN YES I THINK YOU SHOULD CALL SCOTT

i think part of the problem is only physical jobs are available at enron 
running your own book is something they just dont hire outside the office 
very often.
of course this is the gas side only

hi
just got to my emails - i will call yo on my way home tonight

Jeff,

Just a quick note to say "thank you" for your comments at year end.  I 
sincerely appreciated your comments and support.
I hope your Holidays were safe, healthy, and happy.  Say when am I going to 
see that new home of yours?  You know it is hard to continue to live 
vicariously through you if I don't know what to picture!   

Sandra

Thanks - I love you

 A Merry Christmas wish to you and yours.  I still miss you much Bill.  Have 
a safe and warm Holiday.

A Woman's  Dictionary??
 

	
  	?  
	
	Airhead (er*hed) n.
	What a woman intentionally becomes when pulled over by a  policeman.
	
	Argument (ar*gyou*ment) n.
	A discussion that occurs when you're right but he just hasn't  realized it 
yet.
	
	Balance the checkbook (bal*ens da chek*buk)  v.
	To go to the cash machine and hit  "inquire".
	
	Bar-be-que (bar*bi*q) n.
	You bought the groceries, washed the lettuce, chopped the  tomatoes, diced 
the onions, marinated the meat, cleaned everything up, but  he "made the 
dinner".
	
	Blonde jokes (blond joks) n.
	Jokes that are short so men can understand them.
	
	Cantaloupe (kant*e*lope) n.
	Gotta get married in a church.
	
	Childbirth (child*brth) n.
	You get to go through 36 hours of contractions; he gets to hold  your hand 
and say, "Focus...breath...push...Good Girl!"
	
	Diet Soda (dy*it so*da) n.
	A drink you buy at a convenience store to go with a pound of  M&M chocolate 
covered peanuts.
	
	Eternity (e*ter*ni*tee) n.
	The last two minutes of a football game.
	
	Exercise (ex*er*siz) v.
	To walk up and down a mall, occasionally resting to make a  purchase.
	
	Hair Dresser (hare dres*er) n.
	Someone, who is able to create a style, you will never be able  to duplicate 
again. See also "Magician".
	
	Lipstick (lip*stik) n.
	On your lips, coloring to enhance the beauty of your mouth. On  his collar, 
coloring only a tramp would wear.
	
	Valentine's Day (val*en*tinez dae)  n.
	A day ,when you have dreams of a candlelight  dinner, diamonds, and romance, 
but consider yourself lucky to get a  card.
	
	Waterproof Mascara (wah*tr*pruf mas*kar*ah)  n.
	Comes off if you cry, shower, or swim, but  will not come off if you try to 
remove it.
	
	Zillion (zil*yen) n.
	The  number of times you ask someone to take out the trash, then end up 
doing  it yourself anyway.  
	

 - spacer.gif

Thanks Tami - I wish I could make it.  You gals have fun .  Send my regrets 
to everyone.

Thank you for the message - i need it today .  It is 2:35 and i am exhausted 
- i need a cig and a beer.  I love you.

Sandra

??
I do not understand what this message is for and why i am receiving  it.

I have no idea what this means. Please explain.

Of course - come by and collect - I dont have my checkbook but you can put me 
down for a $25.00 donation

We  can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the 
hilton in Austin?    Call me today when you get a minute

Susan, 
We had the best time.  Good friends, great experiences, weather , etc.  Now 
we all want to move to  Denver.  I am glad that Bens outfit worked out so 
well.
I thought it was cute and I could picture him wearing it when I purchased 
it.  So-------are you still planning the retreat weekend?  I am soooo 
jealous.  I would love to go but as I said I can not justify the expense.  
Any consideration to something a little more modestly priced?  Do you already 
have the plans made?  
Call me or write me back.   Hey - I am getting more and more excited about 
NYC.

Sorry I missed the meeting . I just now am reading my E-Mail messages form 
yesterday and today.

Hello.  I dont understnd your response?  Are you talking about the retreat?

sounds great - but i am too conservative.  That is alot of $$ for three 
days.  And it is close to x-mas.   Sorry - maybe later in the year?
I had a nice time at Bens party.  Thank you for being you.

i dont get it

Steve - will you call me, when you get a moment>

Steve,

 My opinion of your organization and the way they chose to handle themselves 
in a stressful situation, is such that I prefer not to have any business 
dealings with anyone in the entire organization.  I am sure that Matt and 
Darryl are good people and good brokers.  The bottom line is ( I do not 
believe you are getting)  that I do not want to, and do not plan to do 
business with Natsourse today or in the future.

I have received your E-Mail .   

Steve, 

I have likewise done alot of reflecting about our dinner and the events that 
followed.  As of now I have no plans to do business with Natsourse.  You need 
to also be aware that this will include Gulf Coast Basis and Gas Dailys.

Thank You

I have received your e-mail.  Thank you for your thoughts.

I have received your E-Mail.

Great!  I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get 
together.  Call me or write when you get thoses details.
Looking forward to your visit.

Sandra

Sorry for the delay in getting back to you .  My mom had some surgery last 
week and I was in and out of the office.  Thursday the 21st is not good for 
me.
Kenny is going hunting (birds)  and I will need to be available for the 
children.  Let me know if there is another evening that will work>

	
	

This is the only answer -- specifically for us "sad" individuals.  Love ya - 
MW

>
> (See attached file: danceoff.exe) <<danceoff.exe>>

 - danceoff.exe

How are you today ?   Must be busy, I havn't heard form you much.   I am 
bored.

Hello Bill,

It was great to get your note today.  I also think of you often.  Thanks for 
the complements concerning Enron, as always I am very proud of Enron where 
we've been and where it seems we are going.  Work is going well,  Business 
with Prebon is still null.  Has nothing to do with Cathy I think she is a 
great person and a  good broker, it just doesn't seem like they (Prebon) has 
any good information and markets anymore.  It is sad actually, ever since you 
left the group things have never been the same.  YOU made a big difference 
there.

Yes I would love to try and meet with you.  I need more information though.  
Things are kinda hectic here and at home so timing is everything for me these 
days.  Lunch is out of the question.  So we are looking at drinks or dinner.  
the week of the 20th is better.  The week of the 25th is not going to be easy 
cuz it is settlement week.

Pam is doing fine.  Still looking for a job.  Hopefully something will happen 
soon.  She had mentioned that you wrote a note,  I guess I got the impression 
she had replied.  She is a little stressed in trying to get things settled in 
her life so just give her some time.

All is fine with one exception.  Do not set up a product for the columbia 
mainline

Thanks

You know i will do anythint i can to help.

spoke with Jeff this morning he doean't know these guys .  sorry - good luck

WOW that was very powerful.  thank you for sharing this with me.    it makes 
me want to make a few changes to my life,

thank you
have a great weekend maybe we can go to dinner late nexr week

you are most welcome.  take care of yourself and your babies.

thanks

Wanted to say Hello.  I must tell you I miss you, I don't have anyone to 
shake my head at anymore. Hoping all is well with the new position.  Also 
wanted to thank you for calling Pam I do appreciate that .  There are  plans 
are for my husband and I to meet some friends of yours this weekend.  We are 
getting together with the Schnitzers and they have invited the Kushnicks .  
Jon and Susan really enjoy them and have wanted to introduce us for some time 
now.  
Looking forward to the introduction.    Again,  I hope the job is treating 
you well.

Best Regards,
Sandra

i dont book these trades

thanks for the information - you know us traders always looking for more info.

not completed he didn't have the chance today.  I was unable to close a 
Excell spreadsheet for me to install the memory

Thank you very much for the invite .  However I will not be able to attend

great joke i laugh out loud - the massage was great    the best of luck to 
you i will say a prayer for your      

Sandra,

My cousin sent me this.  It is so stupid but it made me laugh.

By the way the orthodontist called me last night.  What is he thinking?  I
was not home thank goodness.  SOLD!!!!!

I am not signed onto instant messenger.  I am doing some research this
morning.  I am really nervous about my interview today.

How was the massage?

Pam

> >
> >
> >
> >
> >
> > >
> > > Dog In Heat
> > >
> > > A little girl asked her mom, "Mom, may I take the dog for a walk
> > > around the block?
> > >
> > > Mom replies, "No, because she is in heat."
> > >
> > > "What's that mean?" asked the child.
> > >
> > > "Go ask your father. I think he's in the garage."
> > >
> > > The little girl goes to the garage and says, "Dad, may I take
> > > Belle for a walk around the block? I asked Mom, but she said the
> > > dog was in heat, and to come to you."
> > >
> > > Dad said, "Bring the Belle over here." He took a rag, soaked it
> > > with gasoline, and scrubbed the dog's backside with it and said,
> > > "Okay, you can go now, but keep Belle on the leash and only go
> > > one time around the block."
> > >
> > > The little girl left, and returned a few minutes later with no
> > > dog on the leash.
> > >
> > > Surprised, Dad asked, "Where's Belle?"
> > >
> > > The little girl said, "She ran out of gas about halfway down the
> > > block, so another dog is pushing her home."
>
>

my im is sandra brawner

i cant believe he said that - my IM is sandra brawner  creative right!!

John Craig Taylor
08/16/2000 11:18 AM
John Craig Taylor
08/16/2000 11:18 AM
>> > A ventriloquist was in a small club in a small town
>> > in Arkansas.  With
>> > his dummy on his knee, he's going through his usual
>> > dumb blonde jokes
>> > when a blonde woman in the 4th row stands on her
>> > chair and starts
>> > shouting:"I've heard enough of your stupid blonde
>> > jokes. What makes you
>> > think you can stereotype women that way. What does
>> > the color of a
>> > person's hair have to do with her worth as a human
>> > being? It's guys like
>> > you who keep women like me from being respected at
>> > work and in the
>> > community and from reaching our full potential as a
>> > person... because
>> > you and your kind continue to perpetuate
>> > discrimination against, not
>> > only blondes, but women in general...and all in the
>> > name of humor!"
>> >
>> > The ventriloquist is embarrassed and begins to
>> > apologize, when the
>> > blonde yells, "You stay out of this, mister! I'm
>> > talking to that little
>> > bastard on your knee!"
>>
>>
>
>

thanks - did it last week

John Craig Taylor
08/16/2000 11:18 AM
John Craig Taylor
08/16/2000 11:18 AM
>> > A ventriloquist was in a small club in a small town
>> > in Arkansas.  With
>> > his dummy on his knee, he's going through his usual
>> > dumb blonde jokes
>> > when a blonde woman in the 4th row stands on her
>> > chair and starts
>> > shouting:"I've heard enough of your stupid blonde
>> > jokes. What makes you
>> > think you can stereotype women that way. What does
>> > the color of a
>> > person's hair have to do with her worth as a human
>> > being? It's guys like
>> > you who keep women like me from being respected at
>> > work and in the
>> > community and from reaching our full potential as a
>> > person... because
>> > you and your kind continue to perpetuate
>> > discrimination against, not
>> > only blondes, but women in general...and all in the
>> > name of humor!"
>> >
>> > The ventriloquist is embarrassed and begins to
>> > apologize, when the
>> > blonde yells, "You stay out of this, mister! I'm
>> > talking to that little
>> > bastard on your knee!"
>>
>>
>
>

you are such a shit... and yes i don't like you today!!

I understand completly - these transactions are going through Enron Online - 
I have NO control on these trades if the customer has gotten approval from 
EOL.  Thank You

>
> > > >  A priest took a sebatacle to a fishing lodge. On the last day of
his
> > > >  trip he hooked a monster fish and proceeded to reel it in. The
guide,
> > > >  holding a net, yelled "Look at the size of that Son of a Bitch!"
> > > >
> > > >  Son, I'm a priest. Your language is uncalled for!
> > > >
> > > >  No, Father, that's what kind of fish it is. A Son of a Bitch fish!
> > > >
> > > >  Really? Well help me land this Son of a Bitch!
> > > >
> > > >  Once in the boat, they marveled at the monster.
> > > >
> > > >  Father, that is the biggest Son of a Bitch I've ever seen.
> > > >
> > > >  Yes, my Son,  it is a big Son of a Bitch. What should I do with it?
> > > >
> > > >  Why eat it of course. You've never tasted anything as good as that
> >Son
> > > >  of a Bitch!
> > > >
> > > >  Elated, the priest headed home to the church. While unloading his
> >gear,
> > > >  and his prize catch, Sister Mary inquired about his trip.
> > > >
> > > >  Take a look at this big Son of a Bitch I caught!
> > > >
> > > >  Sister Mary gasped and clutchted her rosary, "Father!"
> > > >
> > > >  It's ok Sister. That's what kind of fish it is. A Son of a Bitch
> >fish!
> > > >
> > > >  Oh, well then what are you going to do with that big Son of a
Bitch?
> > > >
> > > >  Why, eat it of course. The guide said nothing compares to the taste
> >of
> > > a
> > > >  Son of a Bitch.
> > > >
> > > >  The Sister informed the priest that the Pope was scheduled to visit
> >in
> > > a
> > > >  few days and that they should fix the Son of a Bitch for dinner.
> >"I'll
> > > >  even clean the Son of a Bitch", she said.
> > > >
> > > >   As she was cleaning the huge fish, the Friar walked in. What are
you
> > > >  doing Sister?
> > > >
> > > >  Father wants me to clean this big Son of a Bitch for the Pope's
> >dinner.
> > > >
> > > >  Sister! I'll clean it if you're so upset! Please watch your
language!
> > > >
> > > >  No, no, no. It's called a Son of a Bitch fish. Really.
> > > >
> > > >  Oh, well in that case I'll fix up a great meal and that Son of a
> >Bitch
> > > >  can be the main course! Let me know when you've finished cleaning
> >that
> > > >  Son of a Bitch.
> > > >
> > > >  On the night of the Pope's visit, everything was perfect. The Friar
> >had
> > > >  prepared an excellent meal, there was wine, and the fish was
> >excellent.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope said, "This is great fish, where did you get it?"
> > > >
> > > >  "I caught the Son of a Bitch!" proclaimed the proud priest.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope's eyes opened wide, but he said nothing.
> > > >
> > > >  "And I cleaned the Son of a Bitch!" exclaimed the sister.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope sat silent in disbelief.
> > > >
> > > >  And the friar added, "And I prepared the Son of a Bitch, using a
> > > special
> > > >  recipe!"
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope looked at each of them. Slowly a big smile creeped across
> >his
> > > >  face.
> > > >
> > > >You fuckers are alright!!"
> > >
> >
> >
> >******************************************************************
> >This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
> >Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
> >use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
> >If you have received this email in error please notify the
> >sender.
> >******************************************************************
>
> _________________________________________________________________
> Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

> ?
 - Inexperienced Golfer.jpg

	
	

	
	

A beautiful woman loved growing tomatoes, but couldn't seem to get her 
tomatoes to turn red. One day while taking a stroll she came upon a 
gentleman neighbor who had the most beautiful garden full of huge red 
tomatoes. 

The woman asked the gentleman, "What do you do to get your tomatoes so 
red?" The gentleman responded, "Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato 
garden and expose myself, and my tomatoes turn red from blushing so much." 

 The woman was so impressed, she decided to try doing the same 
 thing to her tomato garden to see if it would work. So twice a day for two 
weeks she exposed herself to her garden hoping for the best 

  One day the gentleman was passing by and asked the woman, "By the way, 
How did you make out? Did your tomatoes turn red?" 

"No" she replied, "but my cucumbers are enormous!" 

	
	

A Preacher wanted to raise money for his church, and being told that there 
was a fortune in Horse Racing, he decided to purchase a horse and enter him 
in the race.  However, at the local auction the going price for horses was  
so steep that he ended up buying a Donkey instead.  He figured that since he  
had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races, and to his  
surprise, the Donkey came in third. 

The  next day the racing form carried this headline, "Preacher's Ass shows". 
The Preacher was so pleased with the  Donkey that he entered it in the race 
again, and this time it won.  The next day the form said, "Preacher's Ass, 
out in front!"

The Bishop was so upset with this kind of publicity, that he ordered the 
Preacher not to enter the Donkey in another race.  The newspaper printed 
this headline; "Bishop scratches Preacher's Ass." 

This was just too much for the Bishop, and he ordered the Preacher to get rid 
of the animal. The Preacher decided to give it to a Nun in a nearby convent. 
The headline next day read, "Nun has the best Ass in town." 

The Bishop fainted. He informed the Nun that she would have to  
dispose of the Donkey. She finally found a Farmer who was willing to buy 
it for $10. Next day the paper said, "Nun peddles her Ass for ten bucks." 
They buried the Bishop the next day.

I thought you would really apprecaite this....
Love the trading side........Ref Brad comment:   I just hear Brad and watch 
some of the strange things he does in the gulf and i'm like geezzz he is 
nuts...like to keep my association with lunatics to a minimum.....that's 
all!!!!!!!    take care!
Hi Ragan,

I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain - 
ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  
How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you 
missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -

Big Smile -  Well I guess if I had to be honest he is unique in the market 
place.   I found him very interesting and confusing all at the same time.
It would be nice to have a beer one day and catch up on old times.  Take care 

Hi Ragan,

I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain - 
ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  
How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you 
missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -

I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week. 

Thanks for your note I always enjoy the reading.  and I also appreciate you 
taking the time to share your events with us.  Come by anytime for your 
montey>

Sandra

Thank you for doing  this . I am in Kim.

And --FYI I  Dont do pictures!!!! ever   - 

Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you 
via E-Mail.  (Smiling)
I really dont know about my MOM's -  I am kinda playing around with the Idea 
of  hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special' ??
I dont know - what ideas do you have?

I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do.
About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each 
have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas 
do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben 
enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful

hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you all 
the best - goodluck - stay in touch
Kimberly Bates
04/23/2001 11:42 AM
Help us wish Jared well!!!!

Wednesday, April 25

at
Sambuca

910 Travis

4:30 p.m. - until

Please RSVP

Susan I would love to  - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled 
with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night 
per week for outings... Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on 
your trip , on you , everything - 
 Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - 
just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket.
 My house is still in working progress , but I got a few more things since 
you have been there, drapes , chairs, decorations, etc - and I LOVE IT- I 
cant wait to show you.  
 And FYI   _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again.
 Can I call you this evening on my way home?  Or you going to be busy?

Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your 
schedule"     I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because 
you have NO OTHER CLIENTS!!!!

thanks for the laughs
i love you

You put a smile on my face with your message.... The reading material is no 
big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments.
And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However , She (me) wants 
to be a regular client.

Hello Kenny,

Just a couple of things.  One our stock is up again today  now it is up 2 at 
62$  I was wondering if we should sell some?  What is your opinion.
Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the 
Gas Market.  (I told Ya).  I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont 
worry about dinner , I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight.  

I love you 

Thank you for your comments.

Jeff,
I needed to apologize for my inability to handle myself in more of a 
professional manner.  I thought I had moved on from being an emotional basket 
case , but as we found out, I haven't..  Again , please accept my apology.  I 
just need to move forward and stop reflecting on the past.  It is  so  
difficult when you have given your entire career for an organization that 
still doesn't see value in you.  But, that is my problem not yours.

In regards to your party , your right, I laughed at the invitation - (It is 
so Shankman)  - Sorry I will not be able to attend. But thanks for asking.

And lastly, Wes Walton how?  2001 Candy Apple Ferrari !!!

LCJO@dynegy.com on 11/10/2000 10:39:21 AM
DON'T WORRY....NOTHING DISTASTEFUL HERE.  VERY FUNNY THOUGH.

Andrew Benanti <ABenanti@prebon.com> on 11/09/2000 02:39:53 PM

 <<funny_pics.doc>>

If you don't laugh at these you need a vacation!
 <<funny_pics.doc>>

Some of these are pretty funny!

(See attached file: funny_pics.doc)

 - funny_pics.doc

Peter F Keavey
04/12/2001 02:24 PM
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

Peter F Keavey
04/12/2001 02:24 PM
_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

>
>

 - chinese2.jpg

>
>

 - chinese2.jpg

Hello Kenny,

Just a note to say Hello and that I love you .  I enjoyed yesterday 
afternoon.  And I also wanted to thank you for getting up early this morning 
and fixing my coffee and my slim fast.  That meant alot to me, more than you 
know.  Enjoy your day - I will see you after my hair appointment tonight.  

Love and Kisses
Sandra

                           April 8, 2001, 10:45PM

                           Learn the ins and outs of filing after mid-April 
deadline 

                           By GARY KLOTT 
                           Tribune Media 

                           For the many millions of individuals who have yet 
to file their 2000 income tax returns, there is no
                           reason to panic. 

                           If you need more time to file your return, you can 
easily get a filing extension. 

                           And if you can't afford to pay your tax bill now, 
you can buy more time to pay up. While you may be
                           subject to interest and penalties for payments 
made after April 16, you can put off the day of
                           reckoning for months without fear that IRS 
collection agents will come after you. There is even a
                           loophole in the law that will enable many 
individuals to get an extra month to pay up without being
                           assessed interest or penalties. 

                           Nevertheless, April 16 is a critical deadline for 
anyone who has yet to file his tax returns. You'll need
                           to file either your tax return or an extension 
request by the deadline. And to avoid interest and
                           penalties, you'll generally need to pay any taxes 
owed by April 16. 

                           April 16 is also the deadline for making IRA 
contributions for 2000 returns and for making the first
                           installment of quarterly estimated taxes for 2001. 

                           Filing extension: If you'd like more time to file 
your return, getting a filing extension is simple. In fact,
                           the IRS has expanded the options this year for 
obtaining a filing extension. You can now do it by
                           phone, computer or mail. 

                           The traditional way to get an extension is to fill 
out IRS Form 4868, "Application for Automatic
                           Extension of Time to File U.S. Individual Income 
Tax Return" and mail it to the IRS by the April 16
                           deadline. If you're using tax-preparation software 
or a tax professional, you can file your extension
                           request by computer. Or you can phone in your 
extension request by calling 888-796-1074. 

                           If you owe the IRS money, another option for 
requesting an extension is to make the payment by
                           credit card (American Express, Discover or 
MasterCard) on the Internet or by phone through one
                           of the two companies the IRS has authorized for 
processing credit card payments. Details on the
                           option are included in the Form 4868 instructions. 

                           By making the extension request, the IRS will 
automatically give you four more months, until Aug.
                           15, to file your return. 

                           You can get an extension for any reason. No 
explanation is asked for when requesting an extension. 

                           But be aware that your extension request only 
gives you extra time to file your return, not to pay
                           your taxes. To avoid interest and possible penalty 
charges, you must estimate how much you owe
                           and make the payment with your extension request 
by the April 16 deadline. 

                           Unable to pay: If you can't afford to pay your tax 
bill, you should at least file an extension request by
                           the April 16 deadline. 

                           Though you'll be subject to interest and possible 
penalty charges for late payment of your taxes,
                           you'll avoid being hit with a late-filing penalty, 
which runs a steep five percent a month (up to a
                           maximum 25 percent.) 

                           Installment plan: If you still don't have the cash 
to pay your taxes by the time your extension runs out
                           on Aug. 15, you can negotiate with the IRS to pay 
your balance due in monthly installments. You
                           make the request for an installment agreement when 
you file your completed tax return using Form
                           9465, "Installment Agreement Request." 

                           "Offer in compromise": If you can't afford to pay 
all you owe in taxes, even in installments over a
                           period of years, you may be able to work out a 
settlement with the IRS. The IRS recently expanded
                           its "Offer in Compromise" program, in which 
taxpayers in tough financial situations can offer to settle
                           for less than they owe. Offers are submitted using 
IRS Form 656, "Offer in Compromise." 

                           A loophole offers an extra month to pay up: If all 
you need is an extra month or so to come up with
                           the cash to pay your tax bill, there is a way you 
may be able to get a short reprieve without being
                           subject to interest or penalties. 

                           All you need do is take the IRS up on its offer to 
calculate your tax bill for you. 

                           If you're eligible for the offer, fill out your 
tax return, stopping short of computing certain totals, and
                           send it in by April 16. The IRS will compute your 
tax and send you a bill for any tax owed. If you
                           pay within 30 days of the notice, you won't be 
assessed any penalties or interest. 

                           To take advantage of the loophole, your taxable 
income must be less than $100,000 and you can't
                           itemize deductions. The full list of eligibility 
requirements and step-by-step instructions are contained
                           in IRS Publication 967, "The IRS Will Figure Your 
Tax." 

                           Retirement account contributions: If you hope to 
contribute to an Individual Retirement Account, the
                           final deadline for 2000 tax-year contributions is 
April 16, even if you obtain a filing extension. 

                           The deadline is more flexible for self-employed 
retirement plans. Contributions to Keogh or
                           Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) plans can be 
made up until the due date of your return, which
                           can be later than April 16 with a filing 
extension. 

                           Estimated tax deadline: For self-employed workers 
and other individuals who need to make
                           quarterly estimated tax payments to the IRS, April 
16 also is the deadline for making the first
                           installment for 2001. 

Too Funny!

No problem really-  Glad I could help

> > Fishing Trip
> > A young guy from Texas moves to California and goes to a big department
> > store looking for a job.  The manager says, "Do you have any sales
> > experience?"   <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> > The kid says, "Yeah, I was a salesman back home in Texas."
> > <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> >
> > Well, the boss liked the kid, so he gave him the job. "You start
tomorrow.
> > I'll come down after we close and see how you did."   <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> >
> > His first day on the job was rough but he got through it. After the
store
> > was locked up, the boss came down. "How many sales did you make today?"
> > <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> >
> > The kid says, "One." The boss says, "Just one? Our sales people average
20
> > or 30 sales a day. How much was the sale for?"   <<...OLE_Obj...>>  Kid
> > says, "$101,237.64."  Boss says, "$101,237.64? What did you sell him?"
> > <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> >
> > Kid says, "First I sold him a small fish hook. Then I sold him a medium
> > fish hook. Then I sold him a larger fish hook. Then I sold him a new
> > fishing rod. Then I asked him where he was going fishing, and he said
down
> > at the coast, so I told him he was gonna need a boat, so we went down to
> > the boat department, and I sold him that twin engine Chris Craft. Then
he
> > said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down
to
> > the automotive department and sold him that 4X4 Blazer."
> >
> > The boss said, "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a
> > boat and truck?"
> >
> > Kid says, "No, he came in here to buy a box of tampons for his wife, and
I
> > said, 'Well, since your weekend's shot, you might as well go fishing.'"
> > <<...OLE_Obj...>>
> >
> >

I am out of town on monday and tuesday i am off (vacation day)   wednesday 
kenny is hunting so yea right now i can only go thursday .  But this is silly 
you and I and susan can get together the week after... Visit wtih your out of 
town friend.

Dear Sandra and Kenney,
?
I wanted thank you both for having me over for  dinner on Friday.? I had a 
great time and I  am so glad that I finally got the chance to meet Kenney 
and  Samantha.?
?
That Samantha is a doll.? She is certainly a  miniature Sandra.? She has that 
bubbly personality just like her  mom.
?
I look forward to seeing you guys again  soon.
?
I am off for Atlanta first thing Monday  morning.? 
?
Pam

Sandra,
???? 
???? The email that you sent me last Thursday has bothered me the entire 
weekend.? That is why I am emailing you from home.? I just want you to know 
my true intention of the email I sent you that day.
???? First and foremost,?I invited you and Kenny out for drinks, or a dinner, 
as friends.? I repeat,?"as friends" and nothing more.? I said in that email 
that business does not have to be discussed and?I meant it.? As far as 
the?Enron/Natsource?"deal" that you are talking about.....it had nothing to 
do with the email I sent you.? As far as I know, that "deal" has been in the 
works since September/October between Jack Cogan and Andy Zipper.? So I want 
it to be clear to you that the "deal" had nothing to do with me sending you 
that email.
???? As a matter of fact, the reason why I sent you that email and invited 
you out was because of the last time we spoke.? Remember when I instant 
messaged you?? The reason why I approached you that way was because I thought 
we were close enough friends that I could.? As?I found out, I was wrong.? 
However, when I spoke to you that day, on the phone, and asked if I could ask 
you out in the future ( when?I come to Houston).....you said I could.? I have 
planned to come down for weeks.? Even though you choose to not deal with 
Natsource, I still considered you a?friend and thought it would be 
appropriate to ask you out.....and so?I did.
???? As you know, I take things to heart.? I was really upset with 
the?response I got from you.? I am emailing you from home because it bothered 
me so much that I needed to make sure you understood my true intentions.? I 
hope I have done that.
???? Finally, I just want to say that I will not bother you again.? I just 
want you to know that?I have always tried to do the right thing.? I feel as 
though you are questioning everything I say or do and that you believe there 
are?ulterior motives behind my actions.....and it just isn't true!??With 
that, I wish nothing but good things for you and your family.
?
???? good bye,
???????????????? Ray?

Please sign me up for a space in the new garage.

Ray Russin <rrussin@natsource.com> on 03/29/2001 01:36:56 PM
i have no idea what you are talking about so i'll take this as a no.  like i
said, it was more or less to see each other.......not business.

Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this
time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide
we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to
amaze me.

i am confused---i thought you guys are coming over friday evening for dinner

Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this 
time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide 
we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to amaze 
me.

THOUGHT YOU WOULD APPRECIATE MY SITUATION HERE.   NOW YOU TELL ME - HE IS NOT 
MY FRIEND HE IS BROKERING ME FOR MY BUSINESS.  HE DID THIS NOW BECAUSE OF THE 
ENRON NATSOUCE DEAL.  RIGHT?   PLEASE BE HONEST - I TRUST YOU
Ray Russin <rrussin@natsource.com> on 03/29/2001 07:07:09 AM

>
 - laugh.jpg

thanks - that was funny

>>
>
>TIGHT SKIRTS AND TEXANS
>> > > > > > > > > >
> In a crowded city at a crowded bus stop, a beautiful
>young woman was waiting for the bus. She was decked out in a tight
>leather mini skirt with matching tight leather boots and jacket.
>
>As the bus rolled up and it became her turn to get on, she became aware
>that her
>skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the
>first step on the
>bus. Slightly embarrassed, and with a quick smile to the bus
> driver, she reached behind her and unzipped her skirt a little, thinking
>that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg.  Again she tried
>to make  the step on to the bus only to discover she still
> couldn't.
>
>So, a little more embarrassed, she once again reached
>behind her and unzipped her skirt a little more and, for a second time
>attempted the step.
>Once again, much to her chagrin, she could not raise her
>leg because of the tight skirt. With a coy little smile to the driver,
>she
> again unzipped the offending skirt to give a little more slack and again
>was unable to make the step.
>
>About this time, the big Texan behind her in line picked
>her up easily from the waist and placed her lightly on the top step of
>the
>> bus.
> She went absolutely ballistic and turned on the would-be
>hero, screeching at him. "How dare you touch my body!!
>I don't even know who you
> are!"
>
> At this, the Texan drawled, "Well Ma'am, normally I
>would  agree with you, but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda
>figured that we was  friends."
>> > > > > > >
>
>
>________________________________________________
>Do You Yahoo!?
>Get your free @yahoo.com address at http://mail.yahoo.com
>
>

I don't remember who I used .  Let me look and I will get back to you.

Return-Path: <pdwells@scottsboro.org>
Received: from  rly-zc05.mx.aol.com (rly-zc05.mail.aol.com [172.31.33.5]) by 
air-zc05.mail.aol.com (v77_r1.21) with ESMTP; Sat, 03 Mar 2001 12:06:54 -0500
Received: from  mail1.scottsboro.org (kirk.scottsboro.org [12.21.132.15]) by 
rly-zc05.mx.aol.com (v77_r1.21) with ESMTP; Sat, 03 Mar 2001 12:06:29 -0500
Received: from Default (nat3com.scottsboro.org [12.21.132.29]) by 
mail1.scottsboro.org (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id KAA19554; Sat, 3 Mar 2001 
10:59:00 -0600

This came from our friends out near Houston........
P.W.

>
Return-Path: <moodyredick@yahoo.com>
Received: from  rly-xd02.mx.aol.com (rly-xd02.mail.aol.com [172.20.105.167]) 
by air-xd04.mail.aol.com (v77_r1.21) with ESMTP; Thu, 01 Mar 2001 09:18:58 
-0500
Received: from  web10202.mail.yahoo.com (web10202.mail.yahoo.com 
[216.136.130.66]) by rly-xd02.mx.aol.com (v77_r1.21) with ESMTP; Thu, 01 Mar 
2001 09:18:37 -0500

This is awful!!

(Mama--thought Terri Skipper might enjoy it!)

SR

> > >Two cowboys from Texas walk into a roadhouse to
> wash the trail
> >dust
> > >from their throats. They stand at the bar,
> drinking a beer and
> >talking
> >about
> > >current cattle prices.  Suddenly, a woman at a
> nearby table,
> >who is eating
> >a
> > >sandwich, begins to cough. After a minute or so,
> it becomes
> >apparent that
> > >she is in real distress.
> > >
> > >One of the cowboys looks at her and say, "Kin ya
> swaller?" The
> >woman shakes
> >her head, no.
> >"Kin ya breathe?"  The woman begins to turn blue
> and shakes her head.
> > >
> > >The cowboy walks over to the woman, lifts up the
> back of her
> >dress, yanks
> > >down her panties, and slowly runs his tongue from
> the back of
> >her thigh up
> > >to the small of her back. The woman is so
> shocked, that she has
> >a violent
> >spasm
> > >and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.
> > >
> > >As she begins to breathe again, the cowboy walks
> slowly back to
> >the bar
> > >and takes a drink from his beer.  His partner
> says, "Ya know,
> >I'd
> > >heard of that there "Hind Lick maneuver, but I
> ain't never seen
> >nobody do
> > >it.
> > >
> >
>
>_________________________________________________________________
> >Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
> http://explorer.msn.com
> ><http://explorer.msn.com>
> >
> >
> >
>
>
_________________________________________________________________
> Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
> http://explorer.msn.com
>
>
>

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/

Need you?  Why would we!    Smiling

Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day.  Sorry to hear about the 
interview with AEP.  I really am quite surprised.   Did Kayvon say why they 
didnt want to give you an interview?   I believe your thinking correctly , 
you need to seriously consider the Balitmore job.  And dont forget there is 
that possiblilty with AGL in Houston.  Correct?

i would love to !!! 
thnks

NO I CALLED IT LAST NIGHT - EVEN WITH TOM THERE - I TOLD HIM TO MAKE SURE HE 
TOLD JON FIRST - SO I DIDNT HAVE TO TELL PAM - SO YOUR 'IT'
SUSAN - TOM LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY HAPPY AND VERY MUCH IN LOVE - MY GUESS 
IS THAT BABIES WILL SOON FOLLOW
HE EVEN TOLD ME WHEN AND WHERE HE PLANS ON ASKING HER "THE QUESTION"...CALL 
ME WHEN YOU GET THIS - SO WE CAN CHAT - I CANT CALL YOU REMEMBER - YOUR PHONE 
WONT TAKE MY CALLS FROM THE OFFICE

Thanks - I actually rec this one earlier this year - i thought it was 
funny.   I am understanding that you may be out of town alot in April....  
Are you still planning to have a party for scott and allison?   If so do you 
know when yet?   I just curious so i can plan on a sitter.

have a great day
sandra

Thanks for the laugh.  It was perfect.  And FYI "you" are the face i am 
holding under water.

Louis - Again as we spoke this morning - all these deals have ben transferred 
to Eric Bass.  ALl the "unwinds" should go through him.  
Thanks,

Sandra

Are her eyes blue or what?   She is beautiful,  congrats!  It has been nice 
getting reacquainted with you.

Good Luck - I hoped I helped -

Hello Chance,

I have no idea what you are referring to.

 << File: Book2.xls >> these are the only points that we need curve structures to.  i am not sure on the gd points yet, but will get let you know.

thanks,
chance

A beautiful woman loved growing tomatoes, but couldn't seem to get her 
tomatoes to turn red. One day while taking a stroll she came upon a 
gentleman neighbor who had the most beautiful garden full of huge red 
tomatoes. 

The woman asked the gentleman, "What do you do to get your tomatoes so 
red?" The gentleman responded, "Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato 
garden and expose myself, and my tomatoes turn red from blushing so much." 

 The woman was so impressed, she decided to try doing the same 
 thing to her tomato garden to see if it would work. So twice a day for two 
weeks she exposed herself to her garden hoping for the best 

  One day the gentleman was passing by and asked the woman, "By the way, 
How did you make out? Did your tomatoes turn red?" 

"No" she replied, "but my cucumbers are enormous!" 

A Preacher wanted to raise money for his church, and being told that there 
was a fortune in Horse Racing, he decided to purchase a horse and enter him 
in the race.  However, at the local auction the going price for horses was  
so steep that he ended up buying a Donkey instead.  He figured that since he  
had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races, and to his  
surprise, the Donkey came in third. 

The  next day the racing form carried this headline, "Preacher's Ass shows". 
The Preacher was so pleased with the  Donkey that he entered it in the race 
again, and this time it won.  The next day the form said, "Preacher's Ass, out in front!"

The Bishop was so upset with this kind of publicity, that he ordered the 
Preacher not to enter the Donkey in another race.  The newspaper printed 
this headline; "Bishop scratches Preacher's Ass." 

This was just too much for the Bishop, and he ordered the Preacher to get rid 
of the animal. The Preacher decided to give it to a Nun in a nearby convent. 
The headline next day read, "Nun has the best Ass in town." 

The Bishop fainted. He informed the Nun that she would have to  
dispose of the Donkey. She finally found a Farmer who was willing to buy 
it for $10. Next day the paper said, "Nun peddles her Ass for ten bucks." 
They buried the Bishop the next day.

I thought you would really apprecaite this....
Love the trading side........Ref Brad comment:   I just hear Brad and watch some of the strange things he does in the gulf and i'm like geezzz he is nuts...like to keep my association with lunatics to a minimum.....that's all!!!!!!!    take care!
Hi Ragan,

I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain - 
ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -

Big Smile -  Well I guess if I had to be honest he is unique in the market place.   I found him very interesting and confusing all at the same time.
It would be nice to have a beer one day and catch up on old times.  Take care 

Hi Ragan,

I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain - 
ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -

I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week. 

Thanks for your note I always enjoy the reading.  and I also appreciate you taking the time to share your events with us.  Come by anytime for your montey>

Sandra

And --FYI I  Dont do pictures!!!! ever   - 

Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you via E-Mail.  (Smiling)
I really dont know about my MOM's -  I am kinda playing around with the Idea of  hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special' ??
I dont know - what ideas do you have?

I have a seperate system.  1

If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you.  Please reply to this message ASAP.  See below for details.

Thanks, 

Dan 

We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 

We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:

1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). 

or 
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer). 

Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field. 

If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.

Thank you, 

Dan Diamond 

I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do.
About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful

hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you a=
ll the best - goodluck - stay in touch

Kimberly Bates
04/23/2001 11:42 AM
Help us wish Jared well!!!!

Wednesday, April 25

at
Sambuca

910 Travis

4:30 p.m. - until

Please RSVP

Susan I would love to  - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night per week for outings... Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on your trip , on you , everything - 
	Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket.
	My house is still in working progress , but I got a few more things since you have been there, drapes , chairs, decorations, etc - and I LOVE IT- I cant wait to show you.  
	And FYI   _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again.
	Can I call you this evening on my way home?  Or you going to be busy?

Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your schedule"     I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because you have NO OTHER CLIENTS!!!!

thanks for the laughs
i love you

You put a smile on my face with your message.... The reading material is no big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments.
And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However , She (me) wants to be a regular client.

Hello Kenny,

Just a couple of things.  One our stock is up again today  now it is up 2 at 62$  I was wondering if we should sell some?  What is your opinion.
Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.  (I told Ya).  I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont worry about dinner , I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight.  

I love you 

Thank you for your comments.

I have no idea what this e-mail is suppose to mean to me?

Louise,

Sempra Energy has called and asked to "cover' outstanding positions with Enron.
They have done some deals with me this morning via EOL, as well as a "sleeve" with EPNG in order to minimize their exposure with us.  Indications were that they have longer dated power and other gas positions that they want to minimize as well,  I advised them to call the respected traders first, as apposed to calling voice brokers,  to see what they can facilitate.

Scott,

Just a quick note.  I believe you did a great job this afternoon in communicating with your group about Enron's "cluster."
Today I have found this overwhelming since of Pride for this company and I don't want it to fail.  So if there is ANYTHING I can do to help please let me know.  I am in for the challenge and the long haul.

Sincerely,
Sandra	

I believe 1.

We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 

We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:

1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). 
or
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop.

Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field.

If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.

Thank you,

Dan Diamond

I had mentioned to you last night that I would forward you the memo I sent my CEO of Enron yesterday.
Today seems better here, not so much anger around the trade floor.    This is our BID Week so we have alot of business to take care of.  And as of  9:11 this morning our stock is actually up slightly for the 1st time in weeks.  Hopefully,  we can close ont he Highs.
	As I sit here this Wednesday morning and watch ENE trade $15.80 I can not begin to explain the pit in my stomach.  I have been an employee of Enron since June of 1984, I have never written a memo to my CEO to express opinions and or ask direct questions. 
	I can not believe that the individuals that are responsible for this catastrophe are still employed.  And I guess I need to understand why?  FIRED THEM !   It is apparent to me  that the information we have given to the market place is not sufficient enough.  "THEY" don't trust us anymore.  Get a plan of action, attack it, and save this company.

	As I sit here this Wednesday morning and watch ENE trade $15.80 I can not begin to explain the pit in my stomach.  I have been an employee of Enron since June of 1984, I have never written a memo to my CEO to express opinions and or ask direct questions. 
	I can not believe that the individuals that are responsible for this catastrophe are still employed.  And I guess I need to understand why?  FIRED THEM !   It is apparent to me  that the information we have given to the market place is not sufficient enough.  "THEY" don't trust us anymore.  Get a plan of action, attack it, and save this company.

Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.

Sandra

Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.

Sandra

> >
> > Check it out.
> >
> >
> > People in New York and DC are going to be having to hit food banks
hard.
> > There will be a need in NY for the soup. Below is an easy way to
> help....
> >
> > Campbell's is donating a can of soup to area food banks just by
clicking
> on
> > a football helmet at their website. It's quick, easy, and can be done
> once
> a
> > day.
> >
> > Go to (http://www.chunky.com/click_for_cans.asp) then click on your
> favorite
> > team's helmet and Campbell will donated a can of soup. That is it!
> Please
> > pass this to a friend or 2,3,4...
> >
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> _____
>
> Do You Yahoo!?
> Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals
> .

I thought you would like this
> >
> > Check it out.
> >
> >
> > People in New York and DC are going to be having to hit food banks
hard.
> > There will be a need in NY for the soup. Below is an easy way to
> help....
> >
> > Campbell's is donating a can of soup to area food banks just by
clicking
> on
> > a football helmet at their website. It's quick, easy, and can be done
> once
> a
> > day.
> >
> > Go to (http://www.chunky.com/click_for_cans.asp) then click on your
> favorite
> > team's helmet and Campbell will donated a can of soup. That is it!
> Please
> > pass this to a friend or 2,3,4...
> >
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> _____
>
> Do You Yahoo!?
> Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals
> .

Thought you all might want to see this.....

> Note:  To those of you who don't know powerpoint......at the end, to
get
> it off your screen, right click and double click on "end show"........
>
>
>
(See attached file: MessageFromBoeing.pps)

 - MessageFromBoeing.pps 

 

sure no problem - but I dont have any idea as to who I am interviewing or where I am suppose to go.  WIll this information follow later?

All - 

The below interviews have been rescheduled from Monday, October 29 to Thursday, November 1 in the afternoon (2:00 pm onward).

Please mark your calendars accordingly. 

Let me know if you have any questions.

Kind regards, 

Adrianne
x57302

Colleen,
I think you will find this very interesting.

>  -----Original Message-----

>  -----Original Message-----

re: malls on halloween.

>To All:
>This story is a hoax and is debunked on the Urban Legends site
>http://www.snopes2.com/ (Click on "Rumors of War").
>
>There have been a lot if rumors and misinformation circulating on the
>Internet since the Sept. 11 attacks. The vast majority are just that --
>unsubstantiated rumors created by people with overactive imaginations.
>Unfortunately, these rumors spread very quickly via email,  frighten people
>unnecessarily, and divert time and resources from actual threats.
>
>Next time you receive an email like this, think twice about passing it
along
>to others. Unless the story is substantiated by a reputable source, such as
>CNN, NY Times, or the other major news outlets, I suggest you delete it and
>forget it. The last thing we need to be doing during these trying times is
>to perpetuate rumors that alarm the public. That's just what terrorists
want
>us to do.
>
>Mitch
>
>
>>  -----Original Message-----

When are you going to call Kenny and have him help you walk through getting Instant messanger  - you will love it _ I promise

we only have one line.  i'll give you a call in a minute.

Why are you so cranky?  Anything I can do?   Hey I spoke to my friend (mike) and told him about you and Jon - you know all the good stuff, how nice you guys are, what good friends we have become, that you all live in Greatwood (like they do), that you guys have a 2 year old son (like they do), that your families are all up North (like thiers are)  and he want the six of us to have dinner so he and his wife can get to know you and JOn ...Interested?

i could use some positive thoughts.  i am having a cranky week!

Hi pick up it is me on the phone

i could use some positive thoughts.  i am having a cranky week!

Now this is postive thoughts.   This is thinking the glass is half full.  I wish I were more like this.  Life would be so refreshing if we all stopped whinning and looked at life this away....

I miss you, call me
>  -----Original Message-----

Yes Susan sounds good to me.  let me know - and I would advise you to double check with Brennans to make sure they do still shuttle.

hello ladies!  our girls night is coming up  on january 24.  sandra and i talked about going to see south pacific and  having dinner at brennan (they will shuttle us back and forth from jones  hall).  the seats available on the internet are ok, so i have jon checking  at work.  does this sound like something you'd want to  do???

sorry!

>
>
>-----Original Message-----

Thanks, this gave me a nice chuckle this morning.   I wish I had the nerve to send it to John Mckay , but i dont.

sandra, thought you'd get a kick out of this with all the canucks in your
office

> diana hollier
 - Frigate1.jpg << File: Frigate1.jpg >> 
 - canada plane1.jpg << File: canada plane1.jpg >> 
 - infantry.jpg << File: infantry.jpg >> 

Thanks you so much - for the information - i will be sure to share it with him.. He didnt come to work this week, he called in Tuesday abd resigned.........I have tried to reach him by cell but he  hasnt returned my call.   And NO!  Uncle Harry is not calling, writing, or more importantly using the POSTAL SERVICE!

good morning!
 
i have some info for you.  my therapist  reccomended dr. lauren marangell at the baylor mood disorder clinic.  when  she told me about her, the name sounded familiar, and she was the same women  reccomended by collegues of jon's cousin who was studying at UCLA.  she is  supposed to be great for the person with the problem, as well as family.   she is a national leader in psychopharmacology - medication.  her number is  713.798.6663.  jana rosenbaum is who i talk to, and her number is  713.798.4856.
 
any news from harry?

> diana hollier

yes - i need the cloths to give to my brother and his wife - they are adopting the two younger boysa...alex and eddie
and that is not all .......i also learned yestersay my neice (Kiley) is pregnat again.  Idiot!

anyway - i am hungry come take me to lunch!

i hope the "if" is a joke!  i have BOXES of clothing from ben.  i cannot
wait to hear the story.  i'm sure it is sad, but at least has a happy
ending.  i had a great time at tammy's.

i'll talk to you later.

this is a 15% coupon to avercrombe.   thought you both could use it.  tell kenny he can thank me  later
 
i had a great time on wednesday.  pam- than you for  dinnner!
 
 
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2001 5:05 PM

Good Morning Susan,

Just a couple of things....I had a ball at Tammi's party Saturday.   (you did also?)
And, IF you have any cloths from Ben start saving them for me...my brother and his wife are adopting Eddie and Alex,  a story there i will share later.

Have a nice day!

>Try this!!!
>> >
>> > Subject:    Weird
>> >
>> If you have Microsoft Word, open a blank document and type in Q33 NY (the
>flight number of one of the airplanes that crashed into the WTC). Highlight
>Q33 NY, then, change font size to 72 and change the font to Wingdings 1.
>See
>what happens!
>
>

I dont know how to reply - that is weird, scary, and sad.  

>Try this!!!
>> >
>> > Subject:    Weird
>> >
>> If you have Microsoft Word, open a blank document and type in Q33 NY (the
>flight number of one of the airplanes that crashed into the WTC). Highlight
>Q33 NY, then, change font size to 72 and change the font to Wingdings 1.
>See
>what happens!
>
>

<OMNI>
<OMNINotes></OMNINotes>

<OMNIPAB>PERSON~~~~~Accessories~~~~~~~~~~~~~~800-881-7256 (US)??800-891-6342 (Canada)??Int'l: Call local InfoLine number~~~~~~Palm Computing, Inc.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~#PERSON~~~~~Technical Support~~~~~~~~~~~~~~847-262-PALM (7256) (US)??Int'l: Contact local support number~~~~~~Palm Computing, Inc.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~support@palm.com~#</OMNIPAB>

<OMNIToDos>    <OMNIToDo>
        <OMNIStartDateTime></OMNIStartDateTime>
        <OMNIDueDateTime></OMNIDueDateTime>
        <OMNIDUESTATE>1</OMNIDUESTATE>
        <OMNISubject>Don't forget to register!</OMNISubject>
        <OMNIBody>To register your Palm Computing
 organizer electronically, you must have an 
Internet connection or a modem connected to your computer.

Or if you prefer, you can fill out and send the mail-in registration card 
included in your Palm Computing package.

Special rewards only for registered users:

-FREE software programs *
-FREE technical support **
-Upgrade information
-Important updates

* For a complete list of free software, go to www.palm.com/eregdownload
** Subject to change without notice</OMNIBody>
        <OMNIImportance>1</OMNIImportance>
        <OMNIASSIGNSTATE>0</OMNIASSIGNSTATE>
        <OMNIAssignedTo>CN=Sandra F Brawner/OU=HOU/O=ECT</OMNIAssignedTo>
        <OMNIFrom>CN=Sandra F Brawner/OU=HOU/O=ECT</OMNIFrom>
        <OMNIORGTABLE>T0</OMNIORGTABLE>
        <OMNI$UpdatedBy>CN=Sandra F Brawner/OU=HOU/O=ECT</OMNI$UpdatedBy>
    </OMNIToDo>
</OMNIToDos>

<OMNICalendarEntries>
</OMNICalendarEntries>

</OMNI>

I thought I would share with you some of the E-Mails I get from my firends in the business that I am in - we ladies tend to share theses with each other - because we work in a mans world.

> > >
> > >
> > > WOMEN
> > >
> > >
> > > They smile when they want to scream.
> > > They sing when they want to cry.
> > > They cry when they are happy and laugh
> > > when they are nervous
> > > They fight for what they believe in.
> > > They stand up for injustice.
> > > They don't take "no" for an answer when
> > > they believe there is a better solution.
> > >
> > > They go without new shoes so their
> > > children can have them.
> > > They go to the doctor with a frightened friend.
> > > They love unconditionally.
> > > They cry when their children excel and
> > > cheer when their friends get awards.
> > >
> > > They are happy when they hear about a
> > > birth or a new marriage.
> > > Their hearts break when a friend dies.
> > > They have sorrow at the loss of a family
> > > member, yet they are strong when they think there is no strength left.
>
> > > They know that a hug and a kiss can heal a
> > > broken heart.
> > >
> > > Women come in all sizes, in all colors and shapes.
> > > They'll drive, fly, walk, run or e-mail
> > > you to show how much they care about you.
> > > The heart of a woman is what makes the world spin!
> > > Women do more than just give birth.
> > > They bring joy and hope.
> > > They give compassion and ideals.
> > > They give moral support to their family and friends.
> > > Women have a lot to say and a lot to give.
> > >
> > > This has been sent to you from someone who
> > > respects you as a woman
> > > Pass it along to your woman friends to
> > > remind them how amazing
> > > they are............
> > >
> > > IT'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN MONTH!
> > >
> > > IT'S GOOD TO BE THE WOMAN.
> > >
> > > We got off the Titanic first.
> > >
> > > We can scare male bosses with mysterious
> > > gynecological disorder excuses.
> > >
> > > Taxis stop for us.
> > >
> > > We don't look like a frog in a blender when dancing.
> > >
> > > No fashion faux pas we make could ever
> > > rival The Speedo.
> > >
> > > We don't have to pass gas to amuse ourselves.
> > >
> > > If we forget to shave, no one has to know.
> > >
> > > We can congratulate our teammate without
> > > ever touching her rear.
> > >
> > > We never have to reach down every so often
> > > to make sure our privates are still there.
> > >
> > > We have the ability to dress ourselves.
> > >
> > > We can talk to people of the opposite sex
> > > without having to picture them naked.
> > >
> > > If we marry someone 20 years younger,
> > > we're aware that we look like an idiot.
> > >
> > > There are times when chocolate really can
> > > solve all your problems.
> > >
> > > We'll never regret piercing our ears.
> > >
> > > We can fully assess a person just by
> > > looking at their shoes.
> > >
> > > We can make comments about how silly men
> > > are in their presence, because they aren't listening
> > > anyway.
> > >
> > > SEND THIS TO FIVE BRIGHT WOMEN YOU KNOW AND MAKE THEIR DAY !!!
>

Brad,

I really don't know where to begin other than just to say it.  Enron is having some extremely difficult times now.  I have been trying to focus on helping Enron stay together.  This is not a good time for you or anyone else to try and seek employment here.  I am sorry if I am letting you down.  I was only wanting to help.  I will always keep you in mind, and hopefully when things turn around here I will be able to address you coming here.

Here is some "light" reading for you.  Print this one out, get a coke, and =
a pack of cigs.   Enjoy!  The author got this one right,  this has been my =
life and many many others for a long time --- this is what enrons culture h=
as been like for years.

How Enron Blew It
Less than a year ago, the Houston-based energy behemoth had everything: mon=
ey, power, glitz, smarts, new ideas, and a CEO who wanted to make it the mo=
st important company in the world. Now its stock is down, wall street is be=
arish, and the CEO is gone. What went wrong?
by Mimi Swartz </mag/issues/authors/mimiswartz.php>
THE ENRON SKYSCRAPER NEAR THE SOUTH END OF HOUSTON'S DOWNTOWN feels like th=
e international headquarters of the best and the brightest. The lobby in no=
 way resembles the hushed, understated entryways of the old-fashioned oil c=
ompanies, like Shell and Texaco nearby. Enron, in contrast, throbs with mod=
ernity. The people hustling in and out of the elevators are black, white, b=
rown; Asian, Middle Eastern, European, African, as well as American-born. T=
hey are young, mostly under 35, and dressed in the aggressively casual unif=
orm of the tech industry-the guys wear khakis, polo shirts, and Banana Repu=
blic button-downs. Almost preposterously fit, they move through the buildin=
g intently, like winners. Enron is nothing if not energetic: A Big Brother-=
size TV screen frantically reports on the stock market near a bank of eleva=
tors, while another hefty black television relaying the same news greets pe=
ople entering from the garage. A sculpture of the corporate symbol, an E ti=
pped at a jaunty angle, radiates colors as it spins frenetically on its axi=
s; a Starbucks concession on the ground floor keeps everyone properly caffe=
inated. Multicolored, inspirational flags hang from the ceiling, congratula=
ting Enron on its diversity and its values; one more giant banner between e=
levator banks declares Enron's simple if grandiose goal: "From the World's =
Leading Energy Company to . . . The World's Leading Company!"
For a while, that future seemed guaranteed, as Enron transformed itself fro=
m a stodgy, troubled pipeline company in 1985 to a trading colossus in 2000=
. It was a Wall Street darling, with a stock price that increased 1,700 per=
cent in that sixteen-year period, with revenues that increased from $40 bil=
lion to $100 billion. "The very mention of the company in energy circles th=
roughout the world creates reactions ranging from paralyzing fear to envy,"=
 notes a 2001 report from Global Change Associates, a firm that provides ma=
rket intelligence to the energy business.
This Enron was largely the creation of Jeff Skilling, a visionary determine=
d to transform American business. Hired sixteen years ago as a consultant b=
y then-CEO Ken Lay, Skilling helped build a company that disdained the old =
formula of finding energy in the ground, hauling it in pipelines, and then =
selling it to refineries and other customers. Instead, it evolved into a co=
mpany that could trade and market energy in all its forms, from natural gas=
 to electricity, from wind to water. If you had a risky drilling venture, E=
nron would fund it for a piece of the action. If you wanted your megacorpor=
ation's energy needs analyzed and streamlined, Enron could do the job. If y=
ou were a Third World country with a pitiful infrastructure and burgeoning =
power needs, Enron was there to build and build. Basically, if an idea was =
new and potentially-and fantastically-lucrative, Enron wanted the first cra=
ck. And with each success, Enron became ever more certain of its destiny. T=
he company would be the bridge between the old economy and the high-tech wo=
rld, and in February of this year, Skilling reaped his reward when he succe=
eded Lay as chief executive officer. Enron, says Skilling, "was a great mar=
riage of the risk-taking mentality of the oil patch with the risk-taking me=
ntality of the financial markets."
The Enron story reflects the culture that drove American business at the en=
d of the twentieth century. Like the high-tech companies it emulated, Enron=
 was going to reinvent the American business model and, in turn, the Americ=
an economy. Maybe it was natural that this Brave New World also produced a =
culture that was based on absolutes: not just the old versus the new, but t=
he best versus the mediocre, the risk takers versus the complacent-those wh=
o could see the future versus those who could not. The key was investing in=
 the right kind of intellectual capital. With the best and the brightest, a=
 company couldn't possibly go wrong.
Or could it? Today Enron's stock trades at around $35, down from a high of =
$80 in January. The press cast Enron as the archvillain of California's ene=
rgy crisis last spring, and Skilling caught a blueberry pie in the face for=
 his relentless defense of the free market. A long-troubled power plant pro=
ject in India threatened the company's global ambitions. Telecommunications=
, in which Enron was heavily invested, imploded. Wall Street analysts who o=
nce touted the company questioned its accounting practices. Some of the cha=
nge in Enron's fortunes can be attributed to the economic downturn in uncer=
tain times that has afflicted all of American business. But the culture tha=
t the company created and lived by cannot escape blame.
ENRON, JEFF SKILLING SAYS, HAD "a totally different way of thinking about b=
usiness-we got it." At Enron, in fact, you either "got it" or you were gone=
-it was as simple as black and white. It is not coincidental, then, that th=
e color scheme of Skilling's River Oaks mansion mirrors the corporation he =
once headed. Here, the living room's white walls shimmer against the mahoga=
ny floors. Black leather trims the edge of snowy carpets. Billowy sofas set=
 off the jet-black baby grand. In the entry, white orchids cascade from a b=
lack vase on a black pedestal table that in turn pools onto cold, white mar=
ble. There is only one off-color note: After almost twenty years, Jeff Skil=
ling is no longer associated with Enron, having resigned abruptly after jus=
t six months as CEO. Once, Skilling was hailed as the next Jack Welch (Gene=
ral Electric's masterful CEO), as one of Worth magazine's best CEO's in Ame=
rica (anointed in 2001), and even as a daredevil who hosted the kind of unc=
hained adventure junkets in which, a friend told BusinessWeek, "someone cou=
ld actually get killed." Today, he sounds more like Ebenezer Scrooge on Chr=
istmas morning. "I had no idea what I'd let go of," Skilling says of all th=
e personal sacrifices he made while retooling Enron.=20
From a black chair in the white library, across from a huge black and white=
 photograph of his daughter and two sons, Skilling clarifies. The demands o=
f working 24-7 for Enron caused him to ignore his personal finances. Divorc=
ed, he lived in a 2,200-square-foot house without a microwave or a dishwash=
er. He almost missed his brother's wedding. "Learning a foreign language-I =
never learned a foreign language!" he exclaims. He never once took his youn=
gest son to school. "I'm interested in the kids. You don't do kids in fifte=
en-minute scheduling." Travel: "You can't go to Africa for a week and get a=
nything out of it!" Skilling includes the study of architecture and design =
on his list of missed opportunities, then he stops and sighs. "I'm not sure=
 that fulfillment in life is compatible with a CEO's job," he says, finally=
. Then his eyes lock on mine, and his voice, which had softened, regains it=
s pragmatic edge. "It would have been easy to stay," he says. "But that wou=
ld not have been good for me."=20
He's a smallish, ruddy-faced man who keeps himself at fighting weight, hand=
some in the way of corporate titans, with piercing cheekbones and that assi=
duously stolid gaze. But the impatience Skilling once reserved for cautious=
 underlings and dull-witted utility company executives is now targeted at r=
eporters who have labeled his resignation "bizarre" and associates who are =
bitterly skeptical of his need for family time. His shrug stretches the lim=
its of his shimmering blue button-down, and his matching blue eyes look put=
 upon. "I'm surprised," he says, "that people have so much trouble understa=
nding this."
PEOPLE WHO PASSED THROUGH DOWNTOWN HOUSTON in the late eighties or early ni=
neties couldn't help but notice a funny and, for its time, novel scene unfo=
lding throughout the workday at the base of the Enron Building. From nine t=
o five and before and after, you could see people slipping out of the prist=
ine silver skyscraper to smoke. They perched on the chrome banisters or lur=
ked near the glass doors at the entry, puffing like mad. They always looked=
 hurried and furtive, even ashamed. Whatever people knew about Enron in tho=
se days (and most people didn't know much), it was often associated with th=
at scene: Enron boasted one of the first nonsmoking corporate headquarters =
in Houston, and there couldn't have been clearer evidence of its break with=
 the energy world of the past. What macho engineer would have put up with s=
uch humiliation?
But this company was a child of another time, that period in the mid-eighti=
es when chaos enveloped the gas business. Federal deregulation of natural g=
as turned a steady, secure industry, in which gas pipeline companies freque=
ntly enjoyed a monopoly in portions of the areas that they served, into a v=
olatile free-for-all. The situation was compounded five years later by fede=
ral deregulation of the pipeline business. So it happened that a gentlemanl=
y gas pipeline company, Houston Natural Gas (HNG) found itself under attack=
 from Coastal Corporation, Oscar Wyatt's less than gentlemanly firm. HNG wa=
s then run by Lay, a sturdy, taciturn former economics professor and Transc=
o chief operating officer who had a passion for military strategy. (His doc=
toral thesis at the University of Houston was on supply and demand in the V=
ietnam War.) Lay, who was from Missouri and never succumbed-at least outwar=
dly-to Texas brashness, had done well enough: Thanks to canny expansions, H=
NG's pipelines stretched from Florida to California and throughout the stat=
e of Texas.
HNG fended off Coastal, but to protect the company from other takeover atte=
mpts, Lay nimbly engineered the sale of HNG in 1985 to a friendly Nebraska =
pipeline concern called InterNorth, one of the largest pipeline companies i=
n the country at the time. Then, a funny thing happened: HNG started acting=
 in a way that would characterize the company for years to come-a lot like =
Coastal. What the Nebraskans blithely labeled "the purchase" was being call=
ed "the merger" back in Houston, and before long, following some particular=
ly brutal politicking between Omaha and Houston, the company's center of gr=
avity started shifting toward Texas, and shortly after that, Ken Lay was ru=
nning a new company called Enron. "Over time it became clear that Lay had a=
 better vision of the future," says one person associated with Enron at tha=
t time. "He never fought change. He embraced change."
Lay had won, but what exactly did that mean? Enron was saddled with massive=
 debt from the takeover attempt, and thanks to deregulation, no longer had =
exclusive use of its pipelines. Without new ideas-for that matter, a whole =
new business plan-the company could be finished before it really even got s=
tarted.=20
LIKE MANY PEOPLE WHO TEAMED UP WITH ENRON IN THE EIGHTIES, Jeff Skilling ha=
d spent a lot of time in the Midwest, and he was self-made-at fourteen he h=
ad been the chief production director at a start-up TV station in Aurora, I=
llinois. (His mother would drop him off there every day after school.) "I l=
iked being successful when I was working, and I was smart," he told Busines=
sWeek earlier this year. But unlike many of his Enron colleagues, Skilling =
wasn't deliberate and soft-spoken and happy to go home at five o'clock; he =
was anxious and excitable, and nothing, but nothing excited him more than w=
hat he would come to call "intellectual capital." He loved being smart, and=
 he loved being surrounded by smart people. He graduated from Southern Meth=
odist University, went into banking-assets and liability management-and too=
k on Harvard Business School, where he graduated in the top 5 percent of hi=
s class. Then Skilling took the next step on what was then the new, souped-=
up path to American success: He joined Manhattan's McKinsey and Company as =
a business consultant, and that is where Ken Lay found him in 1985.=20
It is often said of Lay that his instincts for hiring the best are flawless=
, and his choice of Skilling probably saved the company. Skilling was above=
 all an expert at markets and how they worked. While everyone else was worr=
ying about the gluts and the shortages that defined the gas industry, he al=
one saw the parallels between gas and other businesses. And so in a world w=
here credit was nearly impossible to come by, Skilling came up with what he=
 called the Gas Bank, which contractually guaranteed both the supply and th=
e price of gas to a network of suppliers and consumers. Enron would not be =
a broker but a banker. It would buy and sell the gas itself and assume the =
risk involved. And Enron would make money on transactions, much like an inv=
estment bank would.
Skilling worked up some numbers and found them "absolutely compelling." The=
n the McKinsey consultant took the idea to a meeting of about 25 Enron exec=
utives. He had a one-page presentation. "Almost to a person," Skilling says=
, "they thought it was stupid." Almost. After Skilling left the meeting dej=
ected, he walked Ken Lay to an elevator and apologized. Lay listened and th=
en said, "Let's go."
The Gas Bank was not an overnight success. For months Skilling woke up in a=
 cold sweat, sure he had ruined not only his career but the careers of doze=
ns of colleagues who had assisted him. In fact, he had come upon one of tho=
se divides that seem to define his life: "I believed this whole world would=
 be different, a huge breakthrough" is the way Skilling puts it today, and =
even if he is typically immodest, he was right. Fairly soon after launching=
, the company sold $800 million worth of gas in a week. True to Skilling's =
character, success turned out to be a matter of old versus new: He says the=
 joke around Enron was that if a company's CEO was under fifty, "We were in=
." And he was in too: In 1990 Skilling finally left McKinsey and joined Enr=
on as the head of Enron Finance Corporation, a new division created just fo=
r him. In 1991 that company closed a deal that earned $11 million in profit=
. After that, says Skilling, "we never looked back."
Skilling and Lay also realized that the Gas Bank couldn't work unless it ha=
d a trading component. Myriad trades were needed to build the market that w=
ould make the project go. But by buying and selling enormous quantities of =
gas, Enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to domin=
ate it. The company had the best contacts, the best intelligence, and the b=
est access to supplies. That, in turn, attracted more customers who wanted =
to be part of the play. With so many customers in its pocket, Enron could b=
etter predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to m=
ake trades for its own benefit-Enron could in effect bet on which way the p=
rice of gas would go, as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans, but wi=
th startling accuracy, thereby generating profits higher than anyone could =
have ever imagined.
THIS CHANGE COULD NEVER HAVE OCCURRED without another change Skilling had m=
ade: He created, within Enron, a new culture to match its new trading busin=
ess. The idea was to build a "knowledge-based business," which demanded a s=
kill set not exactly prized by Enron's employees from the old HNG days. Mos=
t were deliberate, cautious, responsible, somewhat defensive people, most o=
f them men, of course-the kind of people you'd expect to find working in an=
 industry regulated by the federal government. But now the company needed b=
older people for its bold new era: that included anyone who wanted to make =
money-lots of money-for themselves and for the company. "Enron was going to=
 create a niche for itself or die," one former executive explains. "The peo=
ple who had narrow views eventually were forced out, because if they had na=
rrow views about other things, they had narrow views about the market."
Skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people. He wanted the s=
martest people from schools like Harvard, Stanford, and maybe, Rice. And be=
cause his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company, he =
wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the big=
gest and best investment banks, like Merrill Lynch or Credit Suisse First B=
oston. In addition to being smart, Enron people were also supposed to be "a=
ggressive." You were right for Enron if you didn't want to wait until you w=
ere thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization.=20
You could see what he was looking for on "Super Saturdays" at the Houston h=
eadquarters: eight fifty-minute interviews with ten minute breaks in betwee=
n-the company might herd as many as four hundred people through in just one=
 day. They were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts, their problem-solving a=
bility, their passion for hard work, and what at Enron was called "a sense =
of urgency." People who scored less than 2.5 were scratched. The shrewdest =
candidates knew how to work Enron before they were even hired: These were t=
he types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing =
Enron would come back with more. The starting salary was around $80,000. Ma=
ybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about $20,000, was more =
than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lof=
ts being renovated close to downtown. (Enron people didn't live in far-flun=
g suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office.)
For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-a=
nd-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for struc=
turing energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the g=
lobe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. A com=
pany concierge handled all the things important people couldn't be bothered=
 with: picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions, shining shoes, cleaning th=
e house, planning a vacation. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enr=
on never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they cou=
ld use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were ov=
erweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Progra=
m. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until t=
en at night. "They were so cutting edge," rhapsodizes someone involved with=
 the company health care program at the time. "They really thought about th=
e psychology and what it took to keep these people going."
Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts=
, associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that thos=
e titles didn't really matter. Money did. Instead of competitive salaries a=
nd decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonus=
es-with no cap. "If you really worked hard and delivered results, you could=
 make a lot of money," says Ken Rice, who stayed with Enron for 21 years un=
til resigning recently as the head of the company's faltering broadband div=
ision. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders =
with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $1 million bonus=
. And the more you produced, the closer you got to Jeff: Real hot dogs join=
ed him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or of=
f-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a sp=
ectacular Mexican villa. "Every time he'd speak, I'd believe everything he'=
d say," one loyalist says.=20
And why not? By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas m=
erchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. But at a company where the b=
uzzword was "aggressive," that was no place to stop: Skilling and Lay belie=
ved the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business.=
 Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better serv=
ice at lower prices for consumers (and untold profits for Enron), they bega=
n barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power compa=
ny presidents (who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly se=
rvice areas, had little incentive to change) and energy regulators (who wer=
e somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying effo=
rts).
But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay m=
ade him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, =

Laughing!  thanks for relaying the message to your brother, I had told him I sent him an Email and he just insisted he didnt get one, now I guess we all know why ...  I am glad your enjoying school so much, I look forward to seeing you for the Holidays also.  Any Christmas suggestions this year?   Take care- and I owe you and your brother some "hamburger money"  I will take care of you guys at Thanksgiving.   Take Care

Sandra

It's good to hear from you even though you wrote to the wrong nephew.  How's everything going in the big H.  School is going pretty well, my classes are going pretty well except one that really sucks bad.  Tell everyone I said Hello.  I look forward to seeing everyone at Thanksgiving, I'll relay the message to Brad.
Brandon

Listened in on the analyst call this morning.  Here are my notes.  Did not yet have a chance to organize them, so they're simply in chronological order.

The call began with Watson, Bergstrom, and Whalley reading from prepared statements.  Watson spoke for c. 10 minutes, Bergstrom for 5, and Whalley spoke for perhaps 30 seconds.  Dynegy management was noticeably in control of the call.  Enron executives spoke when questions were directed to them.  

Specific points:
EES will be a part of the new company.  
Enron assets will be revalued at closing.  
The investment in Northern Natural takes the form of convertible preferred.  If the merger does not go through, Dynegy has the right to acquire Northern for 'very little' additional consideration.  If DYN terminates the merger and ENE 'has sufficient liquidity', ENE has right to repurchase the convertible preferred.  
Debt/equity of combined company expected to be <45%.
Both companies will remain on RatingsWatch negative.  
ChevronTexaco will hold 169MM shares out of a total 650MM shares of the post-merger entity.  
Watson reiterates that going forward, the new entity will be run with a focus on transparent and clear financial structure and disclosure, with a significant reduction in on- and off-balance-sheet leverage.  
In what was termed a "new approach", the new entity will be run with a focus on cash flow rather than earnings.  
Rumors that Dynegy did the deal because of an unhedged exposure to Enron are not true.  Dynegy owed Enron <$50MM.  
Lay says that Enron had other options, 'particularly financial'.
All of the discussion and activity has taken place over the last two weeks.
Lay acknowledges that the number for exposure to securities lawsuits may be 'pretty big', but that the companies feel they're able to appropriately value this exposure.
Lay says we have nothing else to hide, but internal investigation still under way.  
Lay:  had the SPEs been capitalized with perhaps $30MM more of risk capital, there would have been no question that they would have qualified for off-balance-sheet treatment and there would have been no need to restate earnings last week to reflect consolidation of the SPEs.
Dynegy says that 'several' internal investigations continue at Enron, and thus DYN/ENE cannot say with certainty that there's absolutely nothing else out there.
Doty (Dynegy CFO) says that late last week, ENE had 'close to a billion' in cash.  
Osprey will be unwound late next summer. Marlin will be unwound after closing.
Many of the off-balance-sheet structures, including the credit-linked notes, are expected to be unwound/redeemed or at least significantly reduced prior to closing.
With regard to ENE asset dispositions, these will be accelerated to the extent possible.  However, Doty says that 'our backs are not against the wall', and the company will continue to focus on getting value for its assets as well as cash.
ENE will renew its 364-day facility (believe this is the $3Bn facility that we drew down a couple of weeks ago) within the next 6-8 weeks.  
BBB-flat most likely rating for combined entity, according to initial comments from ratings agencies.
McMahon says 'no comment' to WSJ article indicating that ENE's banks are preparing to make an equity infusion into ENE in the next few weeks.
Consolidation of trading activity: Mid- and back-office consolidation will see substantial progress prior to closing, such that only the front office / trading books will need to be combined at closing.  EES, NNG and TW have no real overlap with existing DYN activity, so there won't be much integration work required there.  The big integration effort will be ENA.
Watson says that the 'creative financing' surrounded non-core assets.  Doty adds that, 'frankly', DYN assigned zero economic value to non-core businesses in their valuation model.  They bracketed the maximum expected exposure from the non-core assets/businesses and left it at that.
Watson mentions that DYN would not have gotten involved with Enron had they not been approached by 'Enron's top three executives', who said that they thought a combination with Dynegy made the most strategic sense for both companies.  Says that their approach evidenced a  willingness to work with DYN to integrate the two companies that made a big difference in Dynegy's deliberations on proceeding with the merger.
Watson/Doty said that they're NOT 100% sure that no surprises remain in Enron's books--but that the risk/reward offered by the combination was compelling. 
The deal does have material-adverse-change outs for Dynegy, covering any MAC regarding Enron's assets or businesses.  Dynegy's lawyers indicated that the MAC language was a 'blunt instrument' under which it would be difficult to bring a case, so Dynegy inserted a specific paragraph that gives Dynegy the right to terminate the merger if the Enron's total legal liability (from any source or cause of action) tops $3.5Bn prior to closing.
McMahon adds that there 'could' be more restatements, but he 'does not expect' there to be more restatements.
ENE international hard assets definitely on the asset disposition list.
The merger structure calls for a new entity to take over Enron.
Enron is planning to hold an Enron-specific conference call in the next few days, tentatively scheduled for Wednesday.
Initial reaction of ratings agencies 'very positive' to combined entities.  
McMahon acknowledges that Enron would have had to have an additional equity infusion prior to year-end, had the merger not materialized.
Dynegy's earnings guidance places Enron-related earnings accretion at $0.90-0.95, which represents a '25% haircut' to Enron internal estimates.  Doty says that this is all operating earnings--figure does not include any amounts from expected synergies.
Doty says that both Enron and Dynegy's books, as far as he understands, are relatively short-term in weight, and this will continue to be the weighting of the new entity.  Says a 'very very substantial' portion of future trading earnings will be expected to be cash.
ChevronTexaco's investment in Dynegy was calculated at a 5% discount to public prices on the date of negotiation (not disclosed).  Given the runup in Dynegy stock last week, ChevronTexaco's investment is now at a 'more substantial' discount to market prices.  ChevronTexaco has provision to get 'different prices at closing if those prices are substantially better'.  (No further clarification given).
Whalley believes that 'we'll retain' the Enron traders and marketers. They're used to being part of a winning team, and the combined entity will definitely be a winner.  They have talked with most of the Enron business leaders, and they are 'very excited' by the combination.  They will be working with the Enron business leaders to ensure talent is retained.  Whalley was asked if there will be any key employee retention provisions.  He says that 'to the extent necessary, yes.'
Watson says that the trading strategy of the combined entity will be a combination of DYN and ENE--there will be more of an asset-backed trading focus, but by the same token the new Dynegy will be involved in much more financial market-making trading than the Dynegy of today.
Watson says that if there were to be any change in culture, he's a strong team player.  He does not want to see an individual do well if the company or division does not do well.

Give me a call if you'd like me to try to clarify any of these comments.

Patrick Tucker
x3-3055

Jim,

Do you remember Rob Lloyd?  He know works at AIM Funds here in town.  Please read the piece below - I think it is well written and summarizes our sad situation succinctly.

Regards, Jean
Jean, 

Thought you'd find this interesting.  It's an excerpt from an analyst's note
out this AM.

A Perspective: R.I.P. Enron:
It took sixteen years to build Enron into a $63 billion asset powerhouse,
but only 24 days for it to disintegrate.

The fatal flaw was the aggressive accounting and leveraging done in various
off balance sheet partnerships (Special Purpose Entities), which apparently
became too aggressive to fully disclose. Wall Street had no idea of their holdings,
their leverage or their derivative exposures. The SPEs mutated into
something beyond the pale, becoming a company within a company. This evidently began
30 months ago when the new management regime (Skilling, Fastow, et al)
sanctioned their evolution. Make no mistake: they were cleverly contrived. They
involved conventional asset & debt transfers off the books, coupled with fair value
(asset mark-to-market) accounting and synthetic equity financing. This
allowed for considerable earnings management and the appearance of cost-free equity.

If nothing else, they now appear in hindsight to have been vanity deals: very
New Economy, very Virtual and very aggressive. But no clients ever complained,
to our knowledge. Yet ENE clearly crossed the GAAP reporting lines, as the
latest 8-K attests, and the dual role of the CFO (sitting on both sides of the
table in the LJM transactions), profiting highly in the process, created in the LJM
partnership natural conflicts of interest now being investigated by the SEC.
Because of this elementary mistake in any seasoned judgment, which passed
muster at every level, the most successful energy company of the 90s was vaporized
in the marketplace. The main thing that brought ENE down was hubris. It had
used up all of its credibility when the partnerships were brought to light. If these
were fully revealed two years ago, a collapse would have been very unlikely.

Rob Lloyd
AIM Management
713-214-4355

>
> > > >  A priest took a sebatacle to a fishing lodge. On the last day of
his
> > > >  trip he hooked a monster fish and proceeded to reel it in. The
guide,
> > > >  holding a net, yelled "Look at the size of that Son of a Bitch!"
> > > >
> > > >  Son, I'm a priest. Your language is uncalled for!
> > > >
> > > >  No, Father, that's what kind of fish it is. A Son of a Bitch fish!
> > > >
> > > >  Really? Well help me land this Son of a Bitch!
> > > >
> > > >  Once in the boat, they marveled at the monster.
> > > >
> > > >  Father, that is the biggest Son of a Bitch I've ever seen.
> > > >
> > > >  Yes, my Son,  it is a big Son of a Bitch. What should I do with it?
> > > >
> > > >  Why eat it of course. You've never tasted anything as good as that
> >Son
> > > >  of a Bitch!
> > > >
> > > >  Elated, the priest headed home to the church. While unloading his
> >gear,
> > > >  and his prize catch, Sister Mary inquired about his trip.
> > > >
> > > >  Take a look at this big Son of a Bitch I caught!
> > > >
> > > >  Sister Mary gasped and clutchted her rosary, "Father!"
> > > >
> > > >  It's ok Sister. That's what kind of fish it is. A Son of a Bitch
> >fish!
> > > >
> > > >  Oh, well then what are you going to do with that big Son of a
Bitch?
> > > >
> > > >  Why, eat it of course. The guide said nothing compares to the taste
> >of
> > > a
> > > >  Son of a Bitch.
> > > >
> > > >  The Sister informed the priest that the Pope was scheduled to visit
> >in
> > > a
> > > >  few days and that they should fix the Son of a Bitch for dinner.
> >"I'll
> > > >  even clean the Son of a Bitch", she said.
> > > >
> > > >   As she was cleaning the huge fish, the Friar walked in. What are
you
> > > >  doing Sister?
> > > >
> > > >  Father wants me to clean this big Son of a Bitch for the Pope's
> >dinner.
> > > >
> > > >  Sister! I'll clean it if you're so upset! Please watch your
language!
> > > >
> > > >  No, no, no. It's called a Son of a Bitch fish. Really.
> > > >
> > > >  Oh, well in that case I'll fix up a great meal and that Son of a
> >Bitch
> > > >  can be the main course! Let me know when you've finished cleaning
> >that
> > > >  Son of a Bitch.
> > > >
> > > >  On the night of the Pope's visit, everything was perfect. The Friar
> >had
> > > >  prepared an excellent meal, there was wine, and the fish was
> >excellent.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope said, "This is great fish, where did you get it?"
> > > >
> > > >  "I caught the Son of a Bitch!" proclaimed the proud priest.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope's eyes opened wide, but he said nothing.
> > > >
> > > >  "And I cleaned the Son of a Bitch!" exclaimed the sister.
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope sat silent in disbelief.
> > > >
> > > >  And the friar added, "And I prepared the Son of a Bitch, using a
> > > special
> > > >  recipe!"
> > > >
> > > >  The Pope looked at each of them. Slowly a big smile creeped across
> >his
> > > >  face.
> > > >
> > > >You fuckers are alright!!"
> > >
> >
> >
> >******************************************************************
> >This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
> >Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
> >use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
> >If you have received this email in error please notify the
> >sender.
> >******************************************************************
>
> _________________________________________________________________
> Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

I thought you may appreciate this.

Jim,

Do you remember Rob Lloyd?  He know works at AIM Funds here in town.  Please read the piece below - I think it is well written and summarizes our sad situation succinctly.

Regards, Jean
Jean, 

Thought you'd find this interesting.  It's an excerpt from an analyst's note
out this AM.

A Perspective: R.I.P. Enron:
It took sixteen years to build Enron into a $63 billion asset powerhouse,
but only 24 days for it to disintegrate.

The fatal flaw was the aggressive accounting and leveraging done in various
off balance sheet partnerships (Special Purpose Entities), which apparently
became too aggressive to fully disclose. Wall Street had no idea of their holdings,
their leverage or their derivative exposures. The SPEs mutated into
something beyond the pale, becoming a company within a company. This evidently began
30 months ago when the new management regime (Skilling, Fastow, et al)
sanctioned their evolution. Make no mistake: they were cleverly contrived. They
involved conventional asset & debt transfers off the books, coupled with fair value
(asset mark-to-market) accounting and synthetic equity financing. This
allowed for considerable earnings management and the appearance of cost-free equity.

If nothing else, they now appear in hindsight to have been vanity deals: very
New Economy, very Virtual and very aggressive. But no clients ever complained,
to our knowledge. Yet ENE clearly crossed the GAAP reporting lines, as the
latest 8-K attests, and the dual role of the CFO (sitting on both sides of the
table in the LJM transactions), profiting highly in the process, created in the LJM
partnership natural conflicts of interest now being investigated by the SEC.
Because of this elementary mistake in any seasoned judgment, which passed
muster at every level, the most successful energy company of the 90s was vaporized
in the marketplace. The main thing that brought ENE down was hubris. It had
used up all of its credibility when the partnerships were brought to light. If these
were fully revealed two years ago, a collapse would have been very unlikely.

Rob Lloyd
AIM Management
713-214-4355

yes i have read that one.  Rotten tomatoes appear to be all around enron.

John thought this was interesting.  You got any rotten tomatoes on your floor?
This story was sent to you by john.lohman@bakerhughes.com with these comments:

just saw this. HUN

From CBS.MarketWatch.com, online at:

<http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteID=yhoo&guid=%7B9490A893%2D4795%2D4A61%2D9B4B%2D268C6F0C34DC%7D>

  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/images/branding/MKTW/NEW-EMAIL-header.gif>	   CBS.MarketWatch.com <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/default.asp?siteid=mktw&dist=>	   <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://www2.marketwatch.com/images/branding/MKTW/border-vert.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	Quotes & News	   <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
symbol/fund/keyword	
 	 	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
Find Symbol <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/lookup.asp?siteid=mktw&dist=>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	 <http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/email.cbsmw.com/emailbuddy;sc=emailbuddy;pos=anihead;ptile=1;sz=468x60;ord=?>	   <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
11:02 AM ET Nov 13, 2001	   Latest Market Overview <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/marketsummary/default.asp?siteid=mktw&dist=>	   <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	

Enron's Lay could get $80M from deal

By Leticia Williams, CBS.MarketWatch.com	 Newswatch <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/default.asp>
More Headlines <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/headlines/headlines.asp?source=>	
	
 	
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- As Enron and Dynegy await approval from regulators on the companies' proposed $9 billion merger, Enron Chief Executive Kenneth Lay finds himself in an enviable position.

Lay's employment agreement with Enron, which is set to expire Dec. 31, 2005, allows the executive to terminate his employment with the company 60 days prior to the Dynegy merger and receive a lump-sum payment of up to $80.8 million, according to a regulatory filing Tuesday.

 <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/intchart.asp?symb=ENE>

According to the terms of the employment contract, if Lay quits before a change of control at the company, he is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the number of years left in his contract multiplied by $20.2 million.

The agreement also allots an amount to Lay for any tax-related penalties if the lump-sum payment is held to constitute an "excess parachute payment," according to the Securities and Exchange Commission filing.

Lay's original employment agreement with Enron was amended in August when he became CEO after Jeff Skilling resigned.

Enron's ( ENE <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/detail.asp?view=detail&symb=ENE>) shares fell 4 cents to $9.20 in recent trading.

Leticia Williams is a reporter for CBS.MarketWatch.com in Washington.

  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
 11:34 am ET Nov 13, 2001	

  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
   DJIA <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/quotes.asp?siteid=mktw&sid=1643&ticker=DJIA&dist=>	 9692.69	  +138.32	
   NASDAQ <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/quotes.asp?siteid=mktw&sid=3291&ticker=COMP&dist=>	  1883.75	  +43.62	
   SP500 <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/quotes.asp?siteid=mktw&sid=3377&ticker=SPX&dist=>	  1134.29	  +15.96	
   10Yr <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/tools/quotes/quotes.asp?siteid=mktw&sid=11420&ticker=$TNX&dist=>	  4.372%	  +0.58	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	

  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	 <http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/email.cbsmw.com/emailbuddy;sc=emailbuddy;pos=anihead;ptile=2;sz=125x615;ord=?>	   <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
Front Page News <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/default.asp?siteid=&dist=snap>	
U.S. investors show enthusiasm by snapping up stocks <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteid=&dist=snap&guid=%7BC2FF1835%2DAF3E%2D4170%2DB516%2D3C2B3CE72690%7D>	
Report: Taliban abandons Kabul <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteid=&dist=snap&guid=%7B9C9AC766%2DB83E%2D4D8D%2D836D%2DC0A975439C69%7D>	
Oracle issues quarterly warning <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteid=&dist=snap&guid=%7B2BFEA3EA%2D191C%2D484F%2DBEBE%2DCD09AE2D3447%7D>	
Infineon sees more losses, shares rise on PC hopes <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?siteid=&dist=snap&guid=%7B21C0ACCE%2D9E9D%2D44EB%2DA15F%2D48A0565A2DC9%7D>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
Intraday data provided by S&P Comstock <http://www.spcomstock.com/> and subject to terms of use. <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/support/terms.asp?siteid=mktw>
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FT Interactive Data. <http://www.ftinteractivedata.com/>
.	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/images/branding/MKTW/border-bottom.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	
  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	  <http://cbs.marketwatch.com/1.gif>	

jim schwieger sent it to me i thought you would enjoy his commetns

Sure sounds to me that Ken is in the same shoes as the rest of us regarding the downfall of ENE.  
What do you think????????????????????????
Wouldn't you think the honorable thing would be to refuse any compensation knowing your terrible performance? 
I'm sorry! I forgot honorable is not an Enron admirable trait!

The wording of "If he terminates his employment within 60 days of a change of control" sure sounds to me like someone knew what was going on to me?
I guess we should have kept in mind the 2nd definition of LAY in the dictionary is "To put to rest" 

 DJ Enron CEO -2: Also To Get Reimbursed For Tax Penalties --

  WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--Enron Corp. (ENE) Chief Executive Kenneth Lay could
receive a lump sum payment as much as $80 million as a result of Dynegy Inc.'s
(DYN) plan to acquire Enron, according to a regulatory filing released Tuesday
by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  Under Lay's employment agreement, which originally extended through Dec. 31,
2003, Lay was entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the number of full
calendar years remaining under his contract multiplied by $20.2 million if he
terminated his employment within 60 days of a change of control. 
  In August, Lay, chairman of Enron, resumed his position as CEO following the
resignation of Jeffrey K. Skilling, Enron's then-president and CEO. At that
time, his contract was extended to Dec. 31, 2005. 
  In addition to the lump sum payment, Lay is entitled to an amount for any
related tax penalties if the payment were held to constitute an "excess
parachute payment," according to the filing. 
  Dynegy plans to acquire Enron in a stock swap valued around $10.12 billion. 
  The deal is expected to close sometime next year, in which case Lay is
entitled to $60.6 million under his contract if he terminates his employment
within the 60 days. 
  Houston-based Enron is a utilities and communications company. -Dan Lowrey;
Dow Jones Newswires; 202-393-7402; dan.lowrey@dowjones.com 
 
  (END) Dow Jones Newswires  13-11-01
  1428GMT(AP-DJ-11-13-01 1428GMT)

Symbols:
  US;DYN US;ENE 

  13-Nov-2001  14:28:54 GMT
Source DJES   - Dow Jones Energy Service
Categories:
  I/ELC I/GAS I/UES I/XISL N/CNW N/DJWI N/DPG N/LNG N/NRG N/WEI M/NND M/UTI
  P/NRG R/NAPW R/NERC R/NME R/TX R/US R/USS MST/I/ELC MST/I/GAS MST/I MST/N/LNG
  MST/R/NME MST/R/US/TX MST/R/US 

Tom, 	

I sat and read your letter and again my heart stopped beating.  My life too has changed forever.  I too will never be able to work HARD for a company believing that my best interest are being considered.  Lets all hope, pray, and believe that one day, some day we are better, stronger people for having learned such hard lessons.  I applaud you for your honesty.				

Sincere Regards,				
Sandra

My friend Pam who is in my business and my circle of friends.  ENjoy this Colleen.
 
 
 
MEMO FROM GOD 

thanks - Dont be so nervous with me - I am not as bad as "they" make me out to be - smiling

Sandra,

my steno # is 5970 but is currently not working.  So if you need to get ahold of me, you can call me at 57916 or use steno #5331.

chance

no - just a chance to sell more

so that was way too early to gloat, now its going to run in my face

Enjoy

  
 - cubicle hurdles.mpeg 
 - Hallway races.mpeg 
 - Rowing.mpeg 

  
 - cubicle hurdles.mpeg 
 - Hallway races.mpeg 
 - Rowing.mpeg 

> ?
 - Inexperienced Golfer.jpg 

Enjoy
  
 - cubicle hurdles.mpeg 
 - Hallway races.mpeg 
 - Rowing.mpeg 

cokes
dr pepper
(drinks for both houses, cococ& nana)
ice (for both homes)
plastic cups (for both homes)
paper plates
2 large cans of green beans (cut not french)
2 cans of cream of mushroom soup
milk
Durkee canned onions (2 cans)
buy a couple of pies (for nana house)

I have bought tamales to take to both homes.
thanks - Love you again

Please advise me if you received my package.  The service that was used was interesting and didn't give me a comfortable feeling.

Thank You
Sandra Brawner

John,

I need to get with you sometimes soon to make those changes to my contract (2001 bonus).  I was in somewhat of a rush yesterday evening and neglected to make the changes you had advised me about.  I have already forwarded the information back to Enron.

Thanks

Again -
You will find in my EOL "today's transactions"  a buy for 2 a/day dec nymex swap at a price of 2.805.  These swaps were in error - John Arnold had advised me that these swaps were to be cancelled.

Thanks
Sandra

David,

Per a conversation with John Lavorado he mentioned that an amended agreement was coming for my signature.  I was curious as to when I should be expecting the amended agreement, could you confirm please.

Yes, I signed and returned the original one last week.  Your assistant verified that Enron had received it.  It is the revised one I am curious as to the status.

Did you already sign? I'm happy to see if we sort out any confusion on wording later but I think we need to get a signed copy from you asap.
David,

Per a conversation with John Lavorado he mentioned that an amended agreement was coming for my signature.  I was curious as to when I should be expecting the amended agreement, could you confirm please.

Would appreciate any feedback from talk so we can improve Tx, Rick

Thanks, we are in bounds for the moment.  Rick

Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would 
be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a 
day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick

This is fine by me. Rick Buy

	
	

Please review the attached promotions in your group and see if this is 
something that you would like to send out.  I can also include the London 
employees if you want .  Let me know.  

Sheila

thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick

Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is 
improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be 
discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want 
complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.

Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will 
reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.

Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD 
disappointment but it seems he has recovered.

Rick

Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff 
prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr 
director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick

I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your 
thoughts? Rick

Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as 
RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and 
getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task 
force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES 
management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.

Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and 
Enron. Have fun!!

Rick

Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly 
relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting 
scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has 
transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate 
attention. Rick 

A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our 
procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate 
action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we 
have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard 
was going on there. 

We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there 
isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate 
action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. 
More to come.

Rick

good info. i don't believe there will be many more "ei" type asset 
acquisitions any time soon. rick

Please print and file tx rick
	
	

For your peace of mind.

sheila 
	

We will save this for our records.
Thanks,
Robert Howes
Sr. Security Specialist
IT Security and Controls
Work 713-345-3423
Fax     713-646-3010
Email             mailto:Robert.Howes@Enron.com
2Way Pager mailto:roberthowes@pagenetips.com

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his 
computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an 
investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged 
off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this 
investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search 
for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call 
me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. 
Tx Rick

The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was 
considerable discussion which I have summarized below.

Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered 
positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a 
blended debt and equity return.(?)

Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I 
answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be 
needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.

Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. 
I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal 
and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below 
outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.

Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? 
Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come 
into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough 
cash to operate.

This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and 
not a rubber stamp.

 Rick

Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick
	
	

	

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his 
computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an 
investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged 
off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this 
investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search 
for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call 
me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have 
problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick
	
	

	

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his 
computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an 
investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged 
off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this 
investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search 
for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call 
me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should 
probably cancel this account. Rick Buy

Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick

fyi, rick

Yeah, I heard. Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in 
talking me out of that decision. I think I made the right decision ya think? 
Rick

My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House, 71 Eardley Court. Can you see 
if anyone knows if this place is a disaster? She is going with a girlfriend 
that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap 
which worries me no end. Tx Rick

Just met w/ Skilling and Whalley. 

Var for gas has temp increase of $15MM until next friday (12/15/2000).
Jeff is calling for an executive comm mtg to ask for an additional $40 MM of 
corp var until next wed (12/13/2000).

One issue is UK power will be over VAR everyday starting probably thurs or 
fri of this week, unless we increase them as well. (They sweep retail deals 
into book once a week on this day). This increase only needs to be $2-3- 
million.

Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks. 

Rick

This is great. I want to use it at our upcoming credit conference. Thanks, 
Rick

I like this slide from Tara. Can we use somewhere? Rick
Tara Turk <Tara.Turk@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu> on 01/22/2001 12:34:30 PM
Rick,

Here is a "risk management" slide that I think you will find entertaining.
- I know this is silly, but it is perfect too. (Maybe you can use it in one
of your presentations.) - Enjoy!

Tara

 - risk.pps

I go away for a day and come back to yet another $40 million of PGE exposure. 
I guess the lesson is to not go away. Where does this end? This is a painful 
way to learn about derivative credit exposure. Please inform all "deal doers" 
at EES that they better have RAC review their deals (Mercury) in detail 
before they sign. This is more out of control than anything else we have at 
Enron.

 Rick

I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with 
banks. Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate. 
Rick

Great!  This is exactly how I want everything in RAC to work. Rick

Chip is assigned to North America primarily but we asked him to get up to 
speed on the India situation in case a new deal should arise there that 
requires RAC input. He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience 
and also worked in London for Eastern.  If you don't want him involved and a 
transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly, 
given the complexities. Rick

You all should have received instruction from Sheila W. on the system for 
salaries. I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend. 
Numbers are due Monday am. Rick

fyi
	Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
	01/19/2001 08:17 AM
	
A general tightening around India's broadband activities.

Kristina M (Legal) has advised India/Sanjay that all Legal 
documents/contracts must be signed/approved from Houston.

John E now has signing authority over cash disbursements (non-regular G&A).

B.

	Rick Buy@ECT
	01/18/01 06:11 PM
		
wow! what's behind this, not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision. 
rick

Lets discuss this before we make offer. Rick

Are these numbers consistent with your expectations. We will submit to HR if 
no onjections. Traditionally Sutton has looked at the range and made the 
decision where to be inside the range. I don't know if Skilling will do the 
same. I have a voice mail into him to see. Rick
David Gorte
01/18/2001 05:17 PM
Rick,

The valuation ranges for EcoElectrica and Corrinto, as revised, are as 
follows:

EcoElectrica: High - $240.8 million (excludes FASB125 interest; terminal 
value discounted at 18%)

                         Low - $220.3 million (included $20.5 million of 
FASB125 interest as project cost)

Corinto:   High - $4.389 million (20% discount rate)

                   Low - $3.609 million (23.7% discount rate)

For EcoElectrica, the argument is whether the deal team should bear the cost 
of off-balance sheet treatment in choosing between the high and low values.  
For Corinto, the higher discount rate and lower value reflects how RAC would 
value this transaction as a new merchant deal, reflecting Nicaragua's 
downgrade; the lower discount rate is consistent with the original RAC 
discount rate and may be a reasonable discount rate for a completed plant to 
a strategic buyer.

Please let me know if you require additional information.  I am happy to 
speak with David Haug on these if you'd like.

Regards,

Dave

No- the conclusion is incorrect. The peakers help to mitigate the risk 
created by market positions. Maybe just change the last sentence to read 
"Because the peakers offset the contract, the VAR is substantially reduced. " 
Rick

wow! what's behind this, not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision. 
rick

Tx Please stay on top of this and pass on info to Bradford for inclusion in 
our overall Calif. analysis. Rick

Yes we should present fx exposure at every meeting just like credit exposure 
tec. Format as before. Rick

Pam Butler@ENRON
01/12/2001 03:41 PM
Rick, we are going to be running project payouts for Puerto Rico on Mark's 
numbers ($317mm valuation) and Mary Joyce asked that you approve the 
valuations due to the size of the project.  Can you please respond via email 
so that I'll have documentation for my files.  Thanks.

Pam
This is our summary model
If you have any questions please call me at 33569.
Thanks
Mark

We are probably ok for now since we got the space from networks. Rick

fyi
Rick, our plans are to stay on 28 until we move across the street when the 
building opens (July?). Thanks.

Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I 
have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not 
a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick

Are your plans to stay on 28? We are doing some planning on office space. I 
have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not 
a big issue. I had heard that you were moving. Tx Rick

please schedule
Jordan Mintz
01/16/2001 06:38 PM
Rick: I inadvertently left you off of this "invitation".  Hopefully, you are 
available to attend.  If not, please let me know.
Jordan
Darlene C Forsyth
01/16/2001 03:26 PM
Meeting scheduled:

Tuesday, January 23rd
3:00-4:00 p.m.
EB 5022

re:   Finance & Audit Committee Presentation in February - Related Party 
Transaction

Thanks,
Darlene

Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON

01/16/2001 03:19 PM
The possible times for the meeting to go over the presentation for the audit 
and finance committees would be.

Monday, Jan 22  4:00 - 5:00
Tues.      Jan 23  4:00 - 5:00
Wed.       Jan 24  2:00 - 3:00

fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc? rick
	
	

We actually forced Craig Breslau and Fred Lagrasta to unwind an unapproved 
one year trade with their subsidiary Savannah Foods in April 2000.  In 
hindsight, it appears to be quite a good call.

Bill

Jason R Williams@ENRON
01/17/2001 07:51 AM
FYI, Imperial Holly Corporation filed for Chapter 11 protection yesterday.  
Counterparties affected would be:

  Imperial Holly Corporation
  Holly Sugar Corporation

At the present, we have no trades with either of these counterparties.

Jay

I really appreciate it when people take the time to acknowledge Mark's 
efforts and others in RAC as well. Thanks for the feedback. Rick

have been unable to return your call. will do tomorrow. it has been crazy 
here to say the least. rick

Hi- Thanks for the note. Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send 
anything too personal. Time to get back into studying. It will be over before 
you know it and the four years is a small fraction of your working life so 
keep at it. 

I will look into London for your spring break. Send me the exact times you 
have off. Love Dad. 

Attached 

thanks, rick buy

OK by me. Only because I know Frank. Rick

Weird, but ok by me. Rick Buy

FYI

I told you wrong on date for next mtg if you need approval. That date would  
be Feb 13. I'm tied up w/ bonus/review stuff for foreseeable future. feb 
works better for lunch. Rick

feb 2 i think why?? 

I will be working on all RAC bonuses on Wednesday and ask that each of you 
review  your department's bonuses on Thursday so that all of RAC can be 
submitted on Friday.   Thanks.

Rick

fyi, rick
John L Nowlan
12/04/2000 05:53 PM
Recognizing we were just below daily VAR limits today, coupled with the high 
volatility in the crude and products markets, we attempted to do an interday 
calc. Unfortunately it took us some time to get the right person but we did 
succeed in getting an  estimate right at the close which showed we were very 
near our limits as we were yesterday. I flag this up to point out it is 
critical in these ,markets that we have some cover or know who we can call if 
we need this type of interday analysis. 

I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I 
do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid 
getting in deeper. There always seems to be reluctance in UK to have a dash 
prepared, Steve always used a huge amount of energy on justifying the task. 
We all know that if problem deals are not addressed they always get worse. 
Maybe Michael could be led to "suggest" an alternative memo or approach. A 
"problem deal" memo. If you all think a dash is the best approach do it and I 
don't care if they don't sign it.

Once the website is functional, it will be helpful to have a complete history 
of deals and having these kind of memos in dash format will aid this process. 

One final thought, Michael is quite supportive of our effort and I think we 
should pick battles carefully. Rick

Pam- Please send this to RAC worldwide. Tx Rick

	
	                           
	

Activity levels in Credit Risk Management (CRM) have never been higher due to 
very volatile commodity markets, growth in EES and many other factors. In 
order to address these market changes, effective now, Ken Curry will transfer 
from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford. 
Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to 
immediately add value to the CRM group. 

It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign 
personnel as market needs suggest. Please join me in congratulating Ken on 
his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment. 

Rick Buy

Activity levels in Credit Risk Management (CRM) have never been higher due to 
very volatile commodity markets, growth in EES and many other factors. In 
order to address these market changes, effective now, Ken Curry will transfer 
from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford. 
Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to 
immediately add value to the CRM group. 

It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign 
personnel as market needs suggest. Please join me in congratulating Ken on 
his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment. 

Rick Buy

Sorry to hear your news. Thanks for letting me know. Rick

Lets have a brief meeting on this. I'll have Karen set up. Tx Rick

This looks good. Possibly don't need last two items , we need to decide when 
to review this once it is live to see if it is taking off. Also, what does t 
aking off mean? Certainly after a month. See what others think about this 
list and then we can decide what our plan should be. I'll talk to you in a 
day or two. Rick

Thanks- You guys need a rest. Have a great holiday. Rick

Karen- Wanted to say thanks for the gifts you gave me the other day for xmas. 
I know I often appear ungrateful but that's what happens when you have 2 
thousand things on your mind. The pen and leather "thing" for notes are 
great- I'll use both in my annual attempt to get organised. Rick

keep 'em coming, rick

god help them

Best of luck, Rick

test3

excellent!!!!!

I have done this 3 times now. 

Please get involved here and let these people know this. Tx Rick

After rereading 3 times I see your point. Didn't mean it that way. Before I 
sent it out I had Ted and Karen review as well as another person in corp. 
None had any comments. I asked Dave Gorte if he saw anything negative in it, 
he did not. Didn't mean to slight you in any way and I apologize if I did. 
Rick

Is this correct? Rick
James New
12/21/2000 01:23 AM
Shane and I spoke yesterday regarding the USD curve. Whilst taking a curve 
other than the day end curve is relatively easy to do (once we have agreed a 
formal procedure and changed the IT feeds) and would give us only minor P&L 
concerns on a daily basis there is an impact on determining and hedging our 
USD cashflows. This would undoubtedly be a cost to the UK business. Shane is 
going to put a note together to outline the issues and have a stab at 
attaching a monetary cost (although I expect he will have to guesstimate the 
amounts). Depending on the size this will need to be communicated to the 
business heads here in London.

James

   
	
	

Rick,
Shane Dallman and I are trying to speak with James to discuss the Libor Curve 
and its impact on London's reporting.  The Libor curve is published daily in 
Houston at 3:00 pm (CST) at the close of US Trading.  

The Global Products books are now final closed from Houston so their areas 
should not be impacted.

We will update you when we have spoken to James regarding his areas and 
possible ways Rate & Currency can assist. 

Sheila
	
	

James New
12/18/2000 03:10 AM
Rick,

Thanks you for your note below. We are today implementing a flash P&L 
process. We aim to report daily numbers at 7am Houston time and will start 
today with the P&L. We will build on this and hope to have draft positions 
and VAR for most books within a week or so. There will be a reconciliation of 
flash to final numbers which will be included in our return to Houston. 
 
I will put together a note on the London DPR production process which goes 
into the process we currently have, the process we actually need to have, and 
the obstacles that are in the way. I would expect this to be finalised 
tomorrow. Obtaining the USD interest rate curve on a more timely basis is 
just one of our problems but it is unfortunately by no means our only or most 
serious problem.

James

   

	
	                           
	

Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, 
p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves 
before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not 
necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of 
business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it 
would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the 
efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys 
initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick

Spoke w/ Skilling re OI "binary" decision. He is willing to enter into the 
deal. His rational is that he thinks we will be ok on OWC in the final 
analysis. He did  say to reserve for the deal adequately and structure it as 
appropriate for the circumstances. He also wanted to know if there is 
anything different here than on OWC. I told him that it wasn't significantly 
different (both strong underlying businesses with huge event risk attached)

Lets get dash completed and then I will voice mail Jeff w/ specifics and get 
his verbal signature.

Rick

Louise Kitchen, who is now the President & CEO of Enron Net Works and I had a 
conversation about the space located at EB2801.  Louise had no objection to 
RAC occupying this space since her buildout could not occur until May.   The 
space rental should be allocated to 011/100068 and 011/100052 equally.

Rick

Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people. John said they 
included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our 
people where we saw fit. So I don't think there is any issue here. The 
Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to 
light to you Steve that calls into question a person's ranking. 

Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is 
straightened out. 

Thanks, Rick

I have no idea who sent me this message. I did not like the sound of the name 
so I forwarded it to both of you. It is not a pornographic e-mail but I the 
name sounds funny. FYI. Trying to stay out of trouble. Rick
Pornlert <pornlert@loxinfo.co.th> on 12/21/2000 08:31:34 AM
Dear All,
It is a pleasant surprise to receive a message from Jim that he is back in
Houston again. It reminds me of the days with Enron. Coincidentally, I have
heard that Enron office in Bangkok will be completely closed at the end of
the year. Thai market is just not sophisticated enough for Enron. I still
hope that this great company will come back to my country again perhaps
when the power pool becomes a reality. The people I met still asked me
about Enron. Even during the annual economic seminar hosted by the US
embassy in Septemder this year, one of the speaker from the US has cited
Enron as an example of how good a company from the old economy has adopted
to the new environment,by trading broad band anb offer risk hedging
instruments on line,etc. Apparently, Enron does have some fans here.
I, myself, will assume the position of managing director of the Post
publishing Company, the owner of Bangkok Post newspaper as from the
first of February next year. In the mean time I busy myself as the
financial advisor to the City of Bangkok, handling some debt restructuring
cases
for a living (including one steel plate mill), and exchange gossip on power
and telecom projects as hobbies.
If I might be useful to you, please do not hesitate to contact me at this
e-mail address: pornlert@loxinfo.co.th, fax (662)7193513, or Mob.(661)8590021.
Hoping to see some of you again,
Merry X'mas and Happy New Year,
Pornlert

This needs to be sent company wide. Lets discuss how. Tx Rick

	
	                           
	

The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has 
prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) in 
London. Effective in early January, 2001, Ted Murphy will transfer to the 
London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market 
risk and underwriting. Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market 
Risk activities. Steve Young, currently managing RAC in London, will begin a 
new assignment within  EBS, also in London.

The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port 

As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses, it 
is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent 
and accurate manner across the company. Hopefully this realignment will 
accomplish that goal.

Please join me in congratulating Ted, David and Steve on their new 
assignments.

test2

I will request this extension at tomorrow's executive committee of the board 
mtg. rick

I would like Bill Bradford there unless someone is trying to llimit 
headcount. Rick

The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has 
prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) in 
London. Effective in early January, 2001, Ted Murphy will transfer to the 
London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market 
risk and underwriting. Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market 
Risk activities. Steve Young, currently managing RAC in London, will begin a 
new assignment within  EBS, also in London.

The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port 

As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses, it 
is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent 
and accurate manner across the company. Hopefully this realignment will 
accomplish that goal.

Please join me in congratulating Ted, David and Steve on their new 
assignments.

I have two nominations for MD and one for VP.

VP 

David Port

MD

Ted Murphy
Dave Gorte

All of the above would be in the Specialized Technical category.

Call me if a problem, Rick Buy

ok, but can't do anything until jan. rick

Thanks for note. Mike Jordan in UK is coordinating an effort on this. I'm 
worried we have more than initiative going on here. Hopefully everyone will 
coordinate.

Rick

fyi, rick
	
	

Rick,
Shane Dallman and I are trying to speak with James to discuss the Libor Curve 
and its impact on London's reporting.  The Libor curve is published daily in 
Houston at 3:00 pm (CST) at the close of US Trading.  

The Global Products books are now final closed from Houston so their areas 
should not be impacted.

We will update you when we have spoken to James regarding his areas and 
possible ways Rate & Currency can assist. 

Sheila
	
	

James New
12/18/2000 03:10 AM
Rick,

Thanks you for your note below. We are today implementing a flash P&L 
process. We aim to report daily numbers at 7am Houston time and will start 
today with the P&L. We will build on this and hope to have draft positions 
and VAR for most books within a week or so. There will be a reconciliation of 
flash to final numbers which will be included in our return to Houston. 
 
I will put together a note on the London DPR production process which goes 
into the process we currently have, the process we actually need to have, and 
the obstacles that are in the way. I would expect this to be finalised 
tomorrow. Obtaining the USD interest rate curve on a more timely basis is 
just one of our problems but it is unfortunately by no means our only or most 
serious problem.

James

   

	
	                           
	

Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, 
p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves 
before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not 
necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of 
business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it 
would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the 
efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys 
initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick

fyi, rick
Mike Jordan
12/19/2000 10:02 AM
Just to follow up on James's note of yesterday - my apologies for being out

The elimination of the requirement to 'grab' the FX and IR market environment 
from Houston ( and consequently use European data ) can improve our ability 
to kick the overnight batch processing off earlier in the evening. James and 
I will be working with Brian Hudson to determine the timetable for effecting 
this change

The revised batch start time would improve the opportunity to detect any 
system failure and complete a rerun of the valuation process so as to deliver 
completed results by the time the Risk Management team arrive at their desks 
in the morning. System failures are the most significant problem we face in 
delivering timely information to Houston. Consequently the probability of 
meeting current reporting deadlines would be greatly improved given that we 
will have full IT overnight support covering for any IT failure and curve 
input validation processes on trade date.

Indeed given the successful completion of all overnight runs we are able to 
deliver

Officialisation of all valuation systems and most spreadsheets ( David Hardy 
is in final testing of the Eastern spreadsheet feed ) by the 10 AM deadline ( 
Houston 4 AM )
Flash p&l by the 1PM deadline ( Houston 7AM )
Completion of the final DPR to be submitted to Houston by the 5 PM deadline ( 
Houston 11AM )

James and I are currently finalising a document reviewing all possible 
changes to business processes that could improve these times. This is in 
addition to working with Commercial and IT to assess the possibility of 
delivering significantly faster revaluation systems that could assist in 
delivering a trade date control process.

I can confirm that there is significant work to do in this area, however, we 
are dedicated to meeting the objectives of improved/more real time control. 
Please feel free to call if the above requires any additional commentary.

Regards

Mike

James New
18/12/2000 09:10
Rick,

Thanks you for your note below. We are today implementing a flash P&L 
process. We aim to report daily numbers at 7am Houston time and will start 
today with the P&L. We will build on this and hope to have draft positions 
and VAR for most books within a week or so. There will be a reconciliation of 
flash to final numbers which will be included in our return to Houston. 
 
I will put together a note on the London DPR production process which goes 
into the process we currently have, the process we actually need to have, and 
the obstacles that are in the way. I would expect this to be finalised 
tomorrow. Obtaining the USD interest rate curve on a more timely basis is 
just one of our problems but it is unfortunately by no means our only or most 
serious problem.

James

   

	
	                           
	

Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, 
p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves 
before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not 
necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of 
business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it 
would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the 
efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys 
initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick

Deal needs to go to Skilling (or OOC) because capital price exceeds return. 
Otherwise Frevert could sign. I am authorised to sign for Jeff up to $25 MM 
after I leave him a voice mail. After I review deal I will voice mail Jeff 
and that should work. Rick

fyi, please respond, tx rick
Larry L Izzo@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
12/19/2000 10:04 AM
Rick, I was provided a copy of the DASH at 6:30 PM last evening and asked to 
sign off soonest.  My comments follow:

Cost:  the DASH is incorrect.  EECC has provided both a cost - plus price and 
a guaranteed price.
EECC has provided a NEPCO-guaranted price of $215MM.
EECC has indicated that it's estimate of actual costs is most likely $205MM.  
We indicated this cost estimate was somewhat conservative.  Since last week, 
the cost estimate has been further revised to $202MM.  It is unlikely that 
the actual costs of the project will be significantly less than $202MM.  
$202MM represents a cost estimate with the Owners maintaining the risk of 
overruns and schedule.  This would require the Owner to maintain a 
contingency in his proforma above the most likely expected cost of $202MM.
After providing the above information to the Developer, the Developer was 
going to take a look at the carrying cost of turbines which were inside this 
estimate; I have no update on whether the turbine price changed from the 
numbers I saw last week.
Schedule:  Neither my team nor I had seen the provisions of termination by 
Petrobras, as stated in the DASH, prior to last evening.  The ability of 
Petrobras to terminate at April 30, 2002 if the project is not completed due 
to circumstances within Enron's controls, is an unlikely risk, but not 
totally impossible.  Further, the project is subject to a June 30, 2002, 
termination by Petrobras if the project is not completed due to force 
majeure.  This is considered more of an onerous risk.  It's not clear to me 
whether the requirement to complete the pipeline and bring gas to the project 
would be considered under Enron's control, considering that Enron is a 
partial Owner in CEG, the gas distribution pipeline company.
On the other hand, we have indicated that an October 31, 2001 start-up, is 
reasonable, based on a full NTP by January 1, and site access on February 1.  
If the schedule is constrained by the RAC recommendation to limit expenses to 
$15MM, the October 31, start-up could be at risk.
Performance:  The stated agreement with Petrobras for 365 megawatts (site 
condition) and an average net degraded heat rate of 9169 btu/kWH, appears 
correct, if it is LHV.
O&M Guarantee:  The DASH is not clear on what O&M availability guarantee 
Enron is prepared to sign with Petrobras.  I would suggest that OEC insure it 
agrees with any availability guarantees prior to Enron signing the Petrobras 
agreement.

Rick, sorry for this late feedback, but our system of coordination with the 
RAC needs improvement.  In the days when I worked with EI, EECC would provide 
to EI a written due diligence report direct, after checking the proforma 
against the PPA.  This was an Enron lesson-learned after years of 
experience.  The recent reorganizations have diluted this procedure.  I 
suggest I discuss with you how to improve our due diligence process.

Regards,

Larry

LI54600

test

Everyone in RAC is invited to attend Underwriting mtg on Friday at 10:30 am. 
Rick

Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var, 
p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD  interest rate curves 
before submitting their data to Houston. I am also told that it is really not 
necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of 
business London. Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it 
would be better than what we have now. This would greatly improve the 
efficiency (by 4 to 6 hours) in reporting to senior management. Can you guys 
initiate this change or get me to the right person there. Thanks, Rick

Probably a smart decision. Rick

Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into 
the Stable Asset fund. I only want to defer that which I have to defer due to 
my Section 16b status. Thanks, Rick Buy

Mark- here is my response to your request. Call with questions.

Goal:
Total Foreign Exchange Exposure quantified and communicated to BOD.

Performance:
Project completed with final tranche of results reported to Finance Committee 
Dec 11. The notional exposure as well as impact on potential impact on 
earnings and CTA accounts have been quantified and reported to the BOD over 
the past year according to a schedule that has strictly adhered to. Also, a 
template and process has been established to be able to easily report changes 
in the future. Enron has never had a comprehensive review of FX exposure 
prior to this activity. As an aside, there has been a fair amount of hedging 
activity resulting from this effort.

Goal:
Establish risk and trading control processes for risks unique to EES.

Performance:
Systems have been established and monitoring controls are in place across 
EES. A thorough study of the DSM business has been completed and the results 
presented to the Finance Committee. A RAC task force has been put in place 
which has established a work plan consisting of 53 elements that EES has 
agreed to put in place to get the overall back office and trading and credit 
control systems where they need to be. Significant progress has been made 
against these recommendations. DSM projects have been spot tested with 
outside measurement firm and the results reported to EES. These tests have 
highlighted focus areas to determine where the capital dollars are best 
employed.

Goal:
Solidify the global risk management policy beyond Houston and London.

Performance:
Complete and Ongoing. During 2000, Project Doorstep was initiated by RAC 
which inspected every office within Enron to determine if trading was taking 
place and if so whether the Enron controls were being adhered to. A data base 
system was developed to routinely prompt surprise inspections of these 
offices and also monitor if the recommendations are being adhered to. 
Doorstep was a huge effort involving RAC, AA, and operations to really 
understand where we have risks. It also helps in defining where we don't have 
responsibility such as EOTT,  Azurix  and The New Power Company.

Any progress here. Rick

How is progress on this? Rick

Have had problems with my computer but I found this memo unread. (May be 
because I have 2000 emails). Should we still pursue this? I know Jack is 
working on copper mines. Maybe you guts started without me getting involved. 
Lets discuss. Rick

Kind of old but still relavent. FYI Rick
James M Bannantine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/13/2000 02:36 PM
Here is the memo that I mentioned on the Cuiaba project.  

did i send this to already? fyi. this was very contentious at India mtg w/ 
Lay & Skilling. We need to understand what our exposure is. You need to 
become our India expert. Tx Rick
Bill Gathmann@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/29/2000 04:47 PM
Rick, 

Attached is a listing of various incremental Phase II l/c's which we recently 
put together as part of the selldown.  The first table highlights the two 
l/c's which the sponsors have committed to.  Enron would have to pick up 
either 65% of these (if we can get MSEB to pick up their 15% share) or 80%.  
The other l/c's in the second table are solely the responsibility of DPC.  It 
would be up to the sponsors to decide to what extent they want to help 
support these.  Let's discuss if your numbers are different from these.

This slipped thru the cracks- are we still going to do? Did you do it 
already? Rick

i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick
Mark and Rick:

Attached is an e-mail from Teresa Bushman passing on what she has learned 
about the circumstances surrounding the operator/cash call issue.  Let me 
know if there is anything I can do to follow up on this matter.  

Travis McCullough
	Teresa G Bushman
	11/27/2000 02:30 PM
		 
Travis:

This is the response I sent to Mark a couple of weeks ago after I first heard 
of this matter.  I have since learned that they expect the cost overrun to be 
between $500-600,000 or $320-350,000 net to our interest.  Kelley has 
promised orally to pay their joint interest billings promptly, and the 
billings are being generated every two weeks.  Two have gone out; one of 
which for $403,000 has already been paid by Kelley.

Please let me know if there is anything further you'd like for me to do.

Teresa  

Teresa G. Bushman
	Teresa G Bushman
	11/12/2000 05:00 PM
		 
Mark:

I spoke briefly to Steve Pruett this past week regarding the Cypress JOA cash 
call issue that you had inquired about.   As I mentioned in my voicemail to 
you, I was not aware of the farmout arrangement or JOA with Kelley and had 
not been asked to review the farmout agreement or the JOA.  I obtained copies 
of the documents and asked Steve to fill me in on how the situation 
developed.  Steve was out of the office much of last week; he followed up 
Friday with the attached email message. 

As Steve mentions in his email, there were extenuating circumstances and 
timing issues, but certainly it was a mistake for a rig to be moved and a 
well spudded without agreements in place and for documents to be signed 
without appropriate review and approval.  I understand that John Thompson and 
Steve made the decision to move the rig and spud the well when they had a 
term sheet and draft agreement that they anticipated being able to sign in 
short order.   Allen Wilhite and I frequently work together to get 
documentation finalized and in form for Steve's execution.  From Steve's 
reaction when I told him I had not reviewed or initialled the farmout (which 
had been initialled by Allen), I believe he had assumed that had been the 
case in this situation as well, although he did not try to place 
responsibility on Allen.

Steve is one of the best and the brightest I've worked with at Enron.  He is 
extremely busy, working very hard to manage the portfolio of existing E & P 
assets, as well as working on new deals.  I have worked with Steve enough to 
know that he would never have intentionally failed to follow our procedures.  
I think this incident was a mistake that will not be repeated.  I will remind 
the ECR group at Monday's staff meeting that review by the legal department 
is required before any agreements are signed.

Where do we go from here?  Would you like for me to arrange a meeting with 
Steve?  Please let me know if there is anything further you would like for me 
to do. 

Steve raises the issue of staffing in his email.  In light of the level of 
activity for new ECR deals, time that is required in assisting Global Finance 
with Condor and a funding vehicle for the VPPs, and the increased legal time 
required as Bonne Terre, Cypress, and Vastar are no longer managed by third 
parties, being able to provide quality and timely legal advice is 
increasingly difficult, and staffing is an issue that I hope can be addressed 
soon.      

Teresa      

Teresa G. Bushman
	Steve Pruett@ENRON
	11/09/2000 07:18 PM
		 
Teresa:

Thank you for approaching me directly about the issue of my failure to obtain 
legal review of the subject farmout agreement in Enron Energy Capital 
Resources' (ECR) Cypress Venture.  The circumstances of the event follow to 
the best of my knowledge, without confirming with Allen Wilhite who is 
presently inaccessible:

Rozel Energy, led by Bill Rogers, identified a high potential / relatively 
low risk prospect in late August on acreage held by Kelley Oil & Gas (sub of 
Contour Energy).  He commissioned a lease check and found that Kelley 
controlled 90%+ of the acreage, but it was set to expire on Sept. 28, 2000.

Rozel, after reviewing the prospect with ECR technical personnel and 
receiving approval to do so, sought to acquire top leases over the prospect 
only to find that others had already top-leased a significant portion of the 
prospect.  Had the Kelley lease expired, these parties would have controlled 
and drilled the prospect.

Rozel, with the help of Allen Wilhite, approached Kelley for a farmout.  
Kelley asked to be presented with a prospect review under the concept that 
Kelley would be willing to farmout approximately 50% of its interest, or 
farmout all of its interest retaining an ORRI convertible to a WI APO or 
higher ORRI at its option.

Kelley elected to participate for 50% of its interest in the well before the 
farmout agreement was drafted.  Kelley agreed to general terms in a brief 
letter agreement.  Kelley sought to operate the well, which ECR rejected due 
to Kelley's poor track record in drilling deep S. Louisiana wells.  Rozel 
Energy is the operator in absence of Enron having an operating vehicle.  
Rozel employed a seasoned contract operator in S. Louisiana, Stokes and 
Speiler, who are being managed daily by Arvel Martin and Bob Devine, who each 
have over 25 years experience in mangement of drilling operations.

Inasmuch as the operation of the well was in dispute, the negotiation of the 
JOA and the farmout agreement was strained and Kelley was non-responsive to 
Allen's efforts to finalize the agreement.  Allen, Craig Fox, Arvel Martin 
and I met with Kelley's Land Manager and VP of Operations and established a 
dialogue and rapport (we thought).  The initial draft of the farmout 
agreement was put together on Sept. 15th by Kelley and Allen.  Allen did not 
share the draft with you then as we were still apart on certain deal 
provisions, particularly who would operate.  ECR members were in dispute over 
the importance of operations.

With Kelley's consent and our high level of confidence that we would reach 
terms with Kelley, we moved our rig in and spudded the well a few days prior 
to the Sept. 28th lease expiration.  Allen and I continued to be frustrated 
with not reaching final contract terms with Kelley after the well was 
spudded.  I pressed Allen to finalize an agreement and he presented an 
agreement signed by Kelley on October 16, 2000 (effective Sept. 15, 2000).   
Following my signature and upon his departure to Kelley's offices to deliver 
the document, I asked him if you had reviewed JOA and he said no.  I asked 
him if it was required or customary for Legal to review JOAs, and he said it 
was sometimes done but there are rarely revisions.  I did not ask 
specifically about farmout agreements.  The Kelley farmout was the first 
farmout in a directly-owned asset that I had encountered.  I failed to 
recognize the distinction between numerous farmouts that I had seen executed 
by our GP's in our Juniper, Bonne Terre (historically) and Texland ventures, 
and a farmout with Enron's name on the line.

It is my job as a Vice President to know what requires Legal review.  I have 
been made aware that farmout agreements and JOA's in directly owned assets 
(as opposed to LP's with a GP such as Juniper) require Legal review and 
signoff.  The compliance meeting last week underscored that point.  We had 
outside counsel (Lisa Jaubert) under your direction review the Tri-C and 
Manti farmout agreements and your initials are evidence of your approval. 

I respect you as an attorney and business partner and commit that I will be 
diligent about obtaining your review of agreements and ask you when in doubt 
as to whether legal review and approval is required on a particular item or 
issue.

The demands that our large oil & gas exploration portfolio places on you is 
another issue that we should discuss.  The Bonne Terre, Cypress and Vastar 
ventures have significant drilling activity that has commenced and will 
continue.  Dissolution of Bonne Terre and distribution of the assets to ENA 
(to be held in BT Exploration LLC) will increase the legal and commercial 
activity level.  We have another prospect in Cypress that is being promoted 
and will be spudded in the next 10 days, so expect to see a farmout agreement 
on the S. Riceville prospect late next week.

I would be pleased to discuss these matters with you and Mark Haedicke in 
person if you desire.  I regret my failure to obtain your review and approval 
of the Kelley farmout agreement and commit to preventing a repeat of the 
mistake.  I am concerned about the pace of agreements that we face in the 
immediate future on our direct-owned ventures.   I look forward to working 
with you on ways to better manage our business process in Cypress-Acadian, 
Bonne Terre & Vastar ventures. 

Karen- please print this out. I need to edit this. Thanks, Rick
Jeannie Mandelker
11/30/2000 09:11 AM
I changed the second paragraph in the attached article on RAC for Enron 
Business. Please read this version rather than the first version I sent you.

Thanks,
Jeannie

I think you should arrange for a formal presentation of this material to 
myself and other folks in RAC. I believe this is the direction of future risk 
control activity and all of us need to be updated. Scheduling something after 
the board meeting would be helpful. Tx Rick

Good job. Keep moving it forward. If moving forward it will improve. Rick

Looks good to me. Rick Buy (Please pass along to John S. )

great news! i think the ad swap idea is one of the most creative things to 
happen around here in quite a while. rick

Any more on this issue. Rick

Missed your call  today and I will be in RAC PRC all day tomorrow. Basically 
Jeff said we must get this exposure down but gave no parameters to the 
statement. He did ask if any recent issue is causing us concern to which we 
said no, and I also said we know more about this company than any other 
exposure we have (which we should).

I also spoke with M. Kopper today and he thinks the proposed deal w/ TXU to 
pay slightly more for a plant with the proviso that we get a cleaner contract 
is a good idea, rather than paying a lot of money to an investment bank. 

Moral of story in my opinion is to try and improve deal structure with TXU 
through the plant purchase or other structured deal. Do no more (large) deals 
with TXU that significantly increase credit exposure ($10mm??) unless we buy 
a derivative that reduces exposure simultaneously. Continue to stay on top of 
TXU with frequent meetings with their management to maintain a close 
relationship with good communication.

Lets try and discuss Wed if possible.

Spoke with Jeff re TXU. Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick

Bad problem, good response. Are there any others where price wasn't being 
updated? Rick

Totally supportive  of candidate. I hope we can get her. Only issue was 
reluctance to move to Houston or London. That will hurt us eventually. Rick

sounds like an opportunity for our illustrious steel team! 

Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report, which by 
the way is quite bebficial to us. Tx Rick Buy

fyi, rick
David W Delainey
11/21/2000 09:53 AM
Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board:

 - Tex Mex (ERCOT to Mexico transmission line with term PPA with Desarco)
 - Ahlstrom (QF Purchase)
 - CRRA/Fuel Cell Energy (fuel cell deal with Conn. regulators)
 - sale of Pastoria and LV Cogen (assume not)
 - sale of ECP (assume not)
 - sale of HPL (assume not).

Regards
Delainey

a "senses"?? i love chi-knees- rick

	

In planning the Holiday Party for December 6th - I need your help - I am 
taking a senses as to whom we should get to cater the food:  

PF Changs - Chinese
Pappadeaux Seafood
Pappasito's Cantina - Mexican
Goode Company - BBQ
Ragin Cajun
Fajitas Willies

Please indicate your preference and return to me by noon tomorrow November 
14, 2000!

Thanks,
Rita

Thank you very much for taking the time to provide this feedback. Feedback, 
both positive and negative, is critical to improving performance. Rick Buy

London??? How do we include? Rick

Did this go ok. Rick

fyi, rick

Jerald Surface@EES
11/10/2000 04:44 PM
To all,

The New Retail Power System (RPS) has been implemented, and there are several 
features of RPS that I would like to share. 

1.)  Our Net Open Position is more accurate as a result of booking deals more 
reflective of batch models rather than Wholesale equivalent positions.

2.)  Our P&L is more accurate as a result of the position change and the 
ability to import retail energy curves into RPS rather than only wholesale 
curves.  

3.)  T&D positions can now be captured for Deals in RPS.

4.)  Regulatory Switching Options are being captured in RPS, which captures 
value of EES' option to serve customers during the CTC period.

5.)  Reporting capabilities are more timely and effective.

The Power Team is confident that RPS will better serve our business.

This is fine by me. Do you need hard copy of signature. Rick

Rick Buy
11/07/2000 05:37 AM
fyi-comments? rick
Molly Harris
11/03/2000 05:57 PM
Credit recommends offering the following two options to the New Power Company 
(NPC) as it relates to Firmwide collateral thresholds:

Option #1 - NPC receives a $10MM collateral threshold with standard 
collateral annex terms.

Option #2: - NPC receives a $40MM collateral threshold with standard annex 
terms as well as the following two additional required covenants:

a) Liquidity - Maintain minimum liquidity of $300MM, where:
 Liquidity = cash + marketable securities - debt - LCs - third party 
guarantees

b) Tangible Net Worth - Maintain minimum tangible net worth, as defined by 
GAAP, of $450MM
 Note: TNW will be equal to equity less intangible assets including but not 
limited to goodwill, trademarks, etc. 

Regards,
Molly

fyi-comments? rick
Molly Harris
11/03/2000 05:57 PM
Credit recommends offering the following two options to the New Power Company 
(NPC) as it relates to Firmwide collateral thresholds:

Option #1 - NPC receives a $10MM collateral threshold with standard 
collateral annex terms.

Option #2: - NPC receives a $40MM collateral threshold with standard annex 
terms as well as the following two additional required covenants:

a) Liquidity - Maintain minimum liquidity of $300MM, where:
 Liquidity = cash + marketable securities - debt - LCs - third party 
guarantees

b) Tangible Net Worth - Maintain minimum tangible net worth, as defined by 
GAAP, of $450MM
 Note: TNW will be equal to equity less intangible assets including but not 
limited to goodwill, trademarks, etc. 

Regards,
Molly

Approve as written. (Continue to hate the deal). Rick

I have already left him a voice mail. Will let you know when I hear. Tx Rick

wow! pretty bold move assuming you had a choice.  i will be in london next 
week, i'll try to give you a call. rick

Sounds great. Don't build me a Rolls when a Chevy will do. Rick

David Gorte
11/02/2000 07:28 PM
Dave,

As of today, the Transaction Approval Process requires that any embedded 
financing over $500,000 needs to be DASHed.  RAC, however, is close to 
finishing a new process for commodity embedded financings--both prepaids and 
tilted swaps--that would not require a full DASH but an abbreviated approval 
document based upon specified credit ratings, financing amounts, and 
maturities for transactions having standard credit documentation.  For 
example, a $25 million, five-year exposure to a AAA counterparty with 
standard documentation is contemplated to be approved via this abbreviated 
approval document.  This abbreviated approval document would only be 
available for transactions meeting these criteria if:  (i) structured 
financing capacity were available, (ii) the funds flow issue created is 
manageable (both (i) and (ii) as confirmed by EGF), and (iii) the pricing met 
a threshold that included the structured financing cost, an appropriate 
credit spread/reserve, and a syndication risk premium.

The abbreviated approval document is intended to expedite the approval of 
relatively straightforward embedded financings where a full DASH is 
impractical or inefficient.  It is presently contemplated that the 
abbreviated approval document could be approved with two signatures:  the 
Originator's and  a RAC signature (either Bill Bradford's or mine), with 
business unit management and EGF receiving weekly updates on transactions 
approved via this document, but I would welcome your thoughts on this.  In 
any event, I will provide you with the proposed abbreviated process by you 
for your review and concurrence before if it is implemented since the 
preponderance of these transactions are expected to be originated by ENA.

Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.

Regards,

Dave

  

David W Delainey
11/02/2000 09:25 AM
Tim, I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a) we are 
being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; 
b) we have very good paper; c) we are dealing with solid credits and are 
charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying 
financing; d) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow 
position if needed to manage cash issues and e) that RAC is comfortable that 
we are reaching these goals.

Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED.  David, Joe and Mark 
should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these issues 
but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we 
watch the funds flow issues.  

Regards
Delainey

	
	

We have closed the following deals where we deliver power two a muni in the 
short term and get paid back power later on.  These deals have both a 
commodity and a finance portion:

Counterparty    Loan Period  Repayment Period  Amount Financed

Grant County    7/01 to 7/06   7/06   $4.7 million
Grant County    5/01 to 7/06   7/06   $5.7 million
Avista/Kaiser    7/2000   7/2000 to 7/2006   $31.3 million   
BPA/Kaiser    9/2000   7/2001 to 9/2001   $36 million
Clatskanie    11/2000 to 9/2001 10/2001 to 9/2006  $5 million
Eugene Water and Electric  1/2001 to 3/2002  11/2001 to 4/2002  $4.9 million
Eugene Water and Electric  7/2001 to 12/2002 5/2002 to 12/2002  $7.3 million

We are seeing demand for more of these.  For example, Tacoma City Light is 
looking at $35,000,000 + in this type of structure.  What do you guys need to 
know about this business and how much of an appetite do we have for this?

not to worry- we won't be cutting your budget. lets discuss when you get 
back. rick

I will be out of the office the week between Christmas and New Year's and can 
be contacted by telephone and fax @ (603) 875-0794.
Please make certain that there is coverage at all times for your area.   
Also, please send Karen your own schedule.

Rick

I am not sure I understand this. Can I still surf without going thru the 
Enron system? Can I still use AOL? I will only need full Enron access about 
half the time the rest a direct dsl internet connection is what I want. Is 
the DSL line on all the time or is it still dial up.? Rick

you have been busy haven't you, rick

I was really hoping we could do this on a best efforts basis with all of us 
covering any issues arising during the month of December. Since there seems 
to be insistence on a date certain there is no choice but to have Steve start 
in EBS on 1-1-2001. Ted can't physically be there until then. It will be 
difficult to have full RAC responsibility without physically being there. 
Rick

fine

to your hearts content

Please do not extend offers of employment to anyone without checking with me 
first. This does not mean a freeze but rather I want to be sure there isn't a 
person in RAC that may be better suited, or could be with a little training, 
for a particular position. Thanks, Rick

thanks, they do a great job and are an under-appreciated asset at enron. rick

Was this a fruitful meeting. Rick

We need to discuss this. Sounds like bs to me. Rick

Thanks, Rick

Any news on this. Rick

Has this been verified. Rick

This is a good solution. Lets discuss in more detail.  Rick
Molly Harris|HOU|ECT wrote on 10/2/00 4:27 pm:

Thank you for your time to discuss Perry Gas.  Michael and I have talked to 
Jim Keller, EES Legal, and initiated placement of Michael on the Creditor 
Committee.  We are the largest unsecured creditor.  Jim is working with 
outside counsel and will be providing documents to Michael to insert him 
quickly in the process.  Michael will represent us for both EES and ENA.

Regards
Molly

We need to meet on this. Pls talk to Bill lets get something set up here. 
Rick

yes as we discussed.  rick
John J Lavorato|Corp|Enron wrote on 9/12/00 9:14 am:

Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book 
until the Board meeting on October 11th.

Lets discuss Brazil/EI strategy. Rick

Fantastic-landmark deal Rick
William S Bradford|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 7:33 pm:

Rick,

John, Jim and Brad were instrumental in getting this restructuring done.  It 
feels good when the process works.

Bill

   

Please book a $512,087 USD credit reserve for the following deals:

Deal #:  E98254.4 and EA8461.1
Counterparty:  Barrett Resources Corporation
Originating Unit:  ENA

Description:  These are existing transactions that have been restructured to 
compensate Enron for assuming credit risk above the contractual credit 
lines.  The strike prices for each of the transactions were reduced, 
resulting in a $512,087 increase in value.  The entirety of this value is to 
be taken into the Credit Reserve.

Please call me if you have any questions.

Thanks,

John

Send him what was in books but no notes. Tell him it changes daily in a huge 
way. Tx Rick

PS I stopped down earlier to thank you for a great job on the BOD meeting. 
See you at 4:30.

Rick Buy
02/26/2001 03:01 PM
Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. 
After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most 
appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. 
Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at 
the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at 
most everything there in detail).

As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I 
want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or 
used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining 
appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)

Thanks, Rick Buy

Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. 
After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most 
appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. 
Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at 
the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at 
most everything there in detail).

As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I 
want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or 
used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining 
appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)

Thanks, Rick Buy

Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide. Tx Rick

It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, 
manager in the Market Risk Group. Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb. 22, 2001 
and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service 
here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been 
announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details.

Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed, but made a 
real impact especially on those that worked closely with him. Andy had  a 
warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made 
him a real asset to the group. He will be missed.

I approve this request. Thanks, Rick Buy

Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with 
above group? Rick

I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal 
controls. They have asked for a detailed presentation on :

-EAM business
-Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves
-Credit issues in general.

I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and 
get it organized. EES may attend but not present. I think we should give them 
an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the 
above areas. Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two. Lets try to meet next 
week. 

Karen- please set up.

Tx Rick
-

???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick
FYI

Sent by: Carol Moffett
We are pleased to announce that Harold Buchanan will attend MIT Sloan School 
Executive MBA Program.  Harold and his family will leave for Boston in 
April.  In the meantime, he will work on special projects for EES and Marty 
Sunde will be assume leadership of Harold's organization until a replacement 
for Harold is found.

Please join us in congratulating Harold and in wishing him and his family the 
very best of luck in New England.  We look forward to his return to Enron in 
2002.

Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a 
great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. 
I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up.  Great 
job. Thanks, Rick

need to know more. focused on trading? or assets? rick

What conference? Rick

will not attend, tx rick

Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that 
we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare 
a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a 
meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website?? that is basically 
a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped. If it met deal criteria 
and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that 
would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in 
economics and of course a skim. 

Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D.  and 
proceed to banks. Ben is clearing idea with Delaney. We are shooting for a 
Friday (23) meeting.

Thanks, Rick

fyi, rick

	
	                           
	

Rick,

I wanted to touch base with you regarding our Korean Won exposure.  As you 
know, a remaining issue involves who is responsible for these types of hedges 
Corp or business unit.   

The currency traders on Hickerson's desk contacted me today.  They mentioned 
that it is an appropriate time to put a currency hedge in place for 3 reasons:

1.) The spot rate has fallen back to the 1230 KRW/USD level
2.) The forward rate is relatively flat as there is no signifcant difference 
in 1 year rates between the two currencies.
3.) Option volatilities have decreased significantly over the past month.

Please let me know if (when?) we should discuss this issue further.  The 
currency traders mentioned that they will bubble this issue up with Jim 
Hughes again later today.  

Thanks,

Rudi

fine by me, rick

The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. The 
following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows:

Legacy Opportunity

Molly Harris
Teresa Seibel
James Copeland
Michael Tribolet
Jay Hachen
Minal Dalia
Don Rollins
Rick Carson
Jeff Soo
Debbie Brackett
Sue Vasan

On Going Opportunities

Denise Fury
Mark Wilson
Dana Smith
Andrew Greer
Martin O'leary
Jay Hachen
Dave Gorte
Darren Schmidt
Vladi Gorny
David Port
Jeff Soo

This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end, but it 
is necessary. If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael 
Tribolet to manage the task. If you want someone else to manage the  effort 
we will assist as we can. Regardless of who leads this effort we need 
following:

Commitment of EES back office staff people 
Commitment of IT resources
Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget, which I am 
under huge pressure to reduce, not increase.

Let me know how to launch this program.

Rick

No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss. Want to join us? Rick

Great news. Thanks for the heads up. Rick

No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not 
done. Should be pretty safe. Rick

I'll be in New York. They will have to fly solo on this. Rick

What do you think. Probably ok I guess. Rick
Rick-  

Thanks for the DASH for the Harvard case study. 

I know that you changed the name and some numbers, but I just wanted to check 
that you are comfortable with it being included as an example in a study that 
will be published and taught.

Please confirm.

Thanks. 

Mike

No further Board approval is required. I'm told that new products on EOL 
require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to 
put the product online. Rick

tx- caps were eliminated so this should improve?? rick

fyi, rick
Tracy Ngo
02/08/2001 08:12 PM
I'm actually holding up fine, thanks for asking.  Stress?  What stress?!  
Fortunately, our credit group has been able to cross-support as an effective 
team to support the other business that's going on OUTSIDE of California.  Up 
here, we call the California situation "Project Titanic".  Do you think 
that's too pessimistic?!

Tracy

Rick Buy
02/08/2001 11:19 AM
Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?

Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be 
too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a 
fortune this year so it must be crazy. 

Rick

You may have an interest in this. FYI Rick

	
	                           
	

	Rick Buy
	02/08/2001 02:25 PM
		 
As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams 
that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it 
expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided 
the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be 
adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but 
others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be 
multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each 
member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC 
group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process 
for consideration.

- The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the 
commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework.
- Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened 
awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" .
- All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment.
- Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude 
among the teams.
- Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect.
-  Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will 
require more frequent informal meetings.
- There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of 
credit, market risk or our portfolio.
- All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to 
help out if needed.
- If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen.
- Encourage weak links in team to perform.
- Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business 
unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement.
- If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it 
with your supervisor.
- Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC 
and compensation processes.

The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a 
catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.

This process should begin immediately. 

Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.

Rick

As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams 
that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it 
expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided 
the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be 
adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but 
others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be 
multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each 
member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC 
group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process 
for consideration.

- The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the 
commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework.
- Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened 
awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" .
- All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment.
- Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude 
among the teams.
- Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect.
-  Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will 
require more frequent informal meetings.
- There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of 
credit, market risk or our portfolio.
- All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to 
help out if needed.
- If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen.
- Encourage weak links in team to perform.
- Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business 
unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement.
- If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it 
with your supervisor.
- Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC 
and compensation processes.

The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a 
catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.

This process should begin immediately. 

Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.

Rick

Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?

Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be 
too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a 
fortune this year so it must be crazy. 

Rick

This was an excellent response. No need to take too much grief though. Rick

Jeff- this guy sent me this email. Probably not any interest to you, but you 
can decide.  Rick
Mr. Buy,

We are looking at sale of a percentage on producing gas plays (domestic),
and seeking working interest investment in E&P international (various
regions).

I can forward a brief outline if you'd prefer.

Best regards,
David Oles

What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are
referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy

Please include Bill Bradford if possible. Tx Rick

What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are 
referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy

	
	

Check out this site. Rick   http://www.laconiamcweek.com/

accidently sent this to you rather than my person that handles org charts. she will send to you RAC org chart asap. rick

fyi, please send org chart, tx rick
Ladies and Gentlemen,

	The FBI and the Department of Justice have reviewed an Enron Org Chart current as of October 2001, and now are requesting individual Org Charts for your respective 	business units.

	They essentially are trying to understand the teams that work for/report in to each of you, and get a better feel for Enron's business and corporate staff functions.
	For the larger groups, your direct reports and key commercial and staff support should suffice. For the smaller groups, a more complete list of your team would be 	appreciated.

	At your earliest convenience, please provide me with a copy of the following Org Charts:

		1.	Enron Global Services - Stan Horton

		2.	Risk Management/Chief Risk Officer - Rick Buy

		3.	Enron Broadband Services - Jim Fallon

		4.	Accounting/Chief Accounting Officer - Rick Causey

		5.	Global Finance/Treasury - Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen

		6.	Investor Relations - Mark Koenig

		7.	Enron Wholesale Legal - Mark Haedicke

		8.	Corporate Secretary/Board Communications - Paula Rieker

		9.	Enron Principal Investments - Kevin Garland

	Please call with any questions or comments.

Thanks

Ned Crady
Enron Global Markets
Office: (713) 853-4552
Email: ncrady@enron.com

I just found a sympathy card from Karen Heathman in my briefcase.  Let me know when you get this. I am getting the feeling that these messages don't get through. Love, me.
Rick Buy

fyi
Ray- Steel group wants to purchase $15.3 million per month of steel for 3 years. It appears this deal is creating inventory (no offsetting short). Do you have any thoughts on this as acting head of EIM? Doesn't sound like the best use of our liquidity at this point. Rick (We have a million issues to address like this around the company).

Is this ok with policy? rick

Hi Rick,

Chris Abel mentioned to me at the beginning of the quarter that I (none of us) had to sign off on the DPR, and that our viewing it alone was sufficient.  I see, though, there still is the sign off button on the bottom of the report.  Is viewing it enough?

Jeff

I will attend in person. Rick

The Board meeting is confirmed for tomorrow, Sunday, Nov. 4, at 3 p.m. CST in the Board Room.  Most of our Board will be here in Houston.  If you are not available and would like to call in, please contact me (either at the office or via cell phone at 713 962 2109).  Ken may chose to hold an executive session at the beginning and the end of the meeting, but at this time I expect the business discussion to be an open session if you chose to attend.  'Will keep you advised if that changes.  Thanks, Paula

Hi I'm in the Board Meeting buy shoudn't last muchlonger. Love, me.

Rick Buy

I'm in a Board meeting sending you an email on my new Skytell pager. Are you feeling better. Hope so. I better go Love, Dad
Rick Buy

6:15 and still going but shouldBeDoneBy 6:30
Rick Buy

We are trying to get the banks out of our hair a little bit here so let me know if there are any more requests for info and don't send anything to them without clearing it with me first. I will run sensitive stuff past Lavo and then try to let the banks know they have enough know. They are calling people directly now and we need to stop that. Thanks, Rick

Are there lots more. If not, $2.5 million is not Whalley level discussion. Same point as we discussed this am. Rick

Should we address this one with Whalley?

Bill, 

It's about 2.5 million dollars (cash not LC), and this helps us cover a short position we need to cover.  I want to do this deal.

Jeff

What do you want to about this?  This is tying up capital when we are a little bit short on capital.

Bill

John:

Appreciate seeing the old e-mail again, but remind you that the Shenhua cargo was agreed 22 Oct.  As mentioned, we will certainly try to push Shenhua to entertain alternative arrangements, but the Chinese are usually quite difficult on this subject (to date, all Chinese cargoes have required Enron to post an LC).  It's a good idea to get Shankman thinking about this one today, because it is likely that we will need to post an LC for this cargo.  If timing is an issue, I'm sure we can drag the process out a few weeks since delivery is not until mid-Jan.

Regardless, need your input as soon as possible on whether we can continue transacting business where cash collection is not coincident (or in advance of) cash out the door.

Thks,

Stu

Stu - 

As per the e-mail below, RAC must be contacted prior to transacting on an L/C basis.  This was the same message I conveyed to the Australian team early last week.  The Shenhua deal definitely falls within the description and is an issue to be resolved.

I will talk to Jeff Shankman today about the use of L/Cs and capital in the near future, and see what resolution can be reached with the positions and strategy you hold in your book.

John

fyi

In this current climate we should try wherever possible not to commit to posting collateral to counterparties for physical purchases of product unless absolutely necessary.  We should offer an Enron Corp guarantee as an alternative.  In the event that we are asked to post security to a counterparty would you please contact credit before doing so.
The credit hotline number is 36555

thanks for your co-operation.

Paul

We can not have this going on at this time. Someone needs to negotiate for Enron. Lets discuss. Rick

Teresa and I spoke with Sharon Butcher today who recommended that the potential sale of E&P portfolio should be described and approved at this preliminary stage by Lavorato, Haedicke, Goerte, and Lay et al per policy regarding conflicts. A DASH would follow when the deal gets further along. The issue here is John Thompson and other employees potentially "negotiating a deal" which would include their getting equity in the company which purchases assets. Donna and I just spoke and our thoughts are that the deal description currently in draft form would be circulated with an approval cover sheet explaining the reason for the approval sought.

FYI - Teresa and  I are meeting with the HR rep and the Enron employment attorney this aft and then all with John so that he understands what process should be followed re the employees - ie his communications with them and with potential purchasers. NAncy         

I don't know that we have to cover all of this but we should meet today to get a start on this. Rick
In preparation for Friday's Bank Conference, Cheryl Lipshutz and I are sitting with the banks right now and we understand that you are meeting with them at 2pm this afternoon.  Here is a list of the initial questions they are posing to the RAC group:

RAC
1.	Does VAR analyses take care of the quality and predictability in regard to price risk management? (JP)
2.	Is the risk control and deal approval process going to change? (B)
3.	What percent of wholesale power and gas trading business does the top twenty counterparties represent? (B)
4.	Has Enron been asked to raise the amount of collateral posted by any counterparties?  What is the aggregate amount? (B)
5.	How is the credit downgrades expected to affect Enron's margin requirements?  How much extra cash will be needed in the immediate term to cover these requirements?  What would the source be for this cash? (B)
6.	What is the sensitivity analysis of the trading portfolios from a liquidity and margining requirement standpoint based upon i) two standard deviations in the relevant underlying commodity price both upward and downward, ii) a one notch credit downgrade by S&P, in addition to the action already taken by Moody's and Fitch, and iii) a combination of the two scenarios? (BNP)  What is the availability of sufficient liquidity to accommodate such scenarios? (BNP)
7.	Provide daily average, high and low VAR for 2000 and first quarter 2001 versus month-end values as provided in filings. (S)
8.	How are VAR limits established? (S)
9.	What are the various VAR limits and how often have they been exceeded in the last year?  How and when would VAR limits be adjusted? (S)
10.	What assumptions underlie VAR calculations?  Does VAR include operational risk? (S)
11.	Given Enron's VAR policy, will VAR grow as trading volumes increase? (S)
12.	Why is Enron's VAR higher than other traders, including merchant banks? (S)
13.	What risk information is distributed?  How timely is the information? (S)
14.	What financial measures does the company consider important in tracking the success of its trading business? (S)
15.	How is the VAR model validated?  Is the model backtested?  If so, is it a theoretical backtest where positions are held fixed or an actual backtest where actual P&L is compared to the estimated VAR?  How many times last year did the back tested value exceed the VAR? (S)
16.	What is the model vetting process?  Who is responsible for validating traders' models?  What is the time lag between front office development of a model and validation?  Are there any products that use unvalidated models for trading purposes or P&L? (S)
17.	How does the company ensure that traders use appropriate marks when marking to market? (S)
18.	Who monitors limits? (S)
19.	How frequently is the trading operation audited by internal and external auditors? (S)
20.	Is there a formal stress test that estimates the impact of a credit downgrade?  What is the qualitative assessment of such an event? (S)
21.	What is the current and year end expected counterparty exposure?  Gross or net of collateral? (S)
22.	What is the investment/non-investment grade counterparty exposure split for 2000 and first quarter 2001? (S)
23.	What percentage of investment grade counterparty credit risk is BBB+ or below? (S)
24.	How often does Enron review the credit rating of counterparties? (S)
25.	What is the breakdown of liabilities from price risk management activities? (H)
26.	Which companies are Enron's largest trading partners (share in trading turnover)? (H) 
27.	What is the total dollar amount Enron would have to post if i) downgraded to BBB- by S&P/Moody's, or ii) downgraded to non-investment grade by S&P/Moody's if called on all trading collateral accounts? (B)
28.	Does Enron guarantee the obligations of the trading subsidiaries? (S&P)

                                                       
Michelle Wenz
Enron Global Finance
713-853-0920
michelle.wenz@enron.com

Sounds good to me. I'm out of office til Wed. Trip was good I presume? Rick
Rick Buy

This is ok with me. They have requested it. We only need director and above. Rick

Rick, are you OK with this?  Please let me know so I can get Kevin what he needs.  Thanks. 

Sheila

Due to security measures of the HR Data we will need the approval from Sheila Walton, your director of Human Resources, in order to process the report request below.

Thank you,

HR Global Information Management

I work in Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) and one of our tasks is to prepare quarterly information that is presented to the Enron Board of Directors.  The Board has requested background information on the employees of RAC such as education, certifications, etc. plus a picture.  I would like to know if there is a way I could work with you to get this information out of Expertfinder instead of having to manually look up and record data for close to 75 employees.  The most helpful thing for me would be if you could query your data to pull RAC employees and then send me a data file containing all the information (education, certifications, picture if possible, etc.).  

As far as I know, this is a one time request and it is not due until the next Board meeting which is the beginning of December.  However, we would like to get started on this as soon as possible since this is a request in addition to the usual items we present to the Board each quarter.

Please let me know if you can help us in this process.  Feel free to call me to discuss.

I,m in a meeting til noon. Did you differ from me. Rick
Rick Buy

We are not having a particularly good day here. We need some good news to share. Any updates please pass along asap. Tx Rick

Thanks 
Rick Buy

Meeting at 6:30. Will let you know after that. Your ruler, Richard Buy

Write me and let me know what is going on.  Your wife,  Janice Buy

There is now a meeting at 8pm as well. Forget dinner. What a mess. See you later. Love, me.
Rick Buy

Still waiting on decision. You haven't seen 120 in some time.
Rick Buy

Jeff Delapino (sp?) from Chase has asked me to look into the above transaction to change from monthly collateralization to daily. Do you know who is familiar with this deal? Rick

Lets do what we can. It does sound like it would be less volatile if settled daily. Rick

The originator who closed that deal in 1998 (or thereabouts) left a year ago or more, Sandra McDonald I believe. I can have Mike Garberding look into it if you like as he is very familiar with these structures. Jeff's issue, he called me as well, is that we post to APEA monthly yet Chase posts to Enron daily (or vice versa depending on the market) which can cause large exposures both ways. It's probably a good idea from both of our sides to correct that from a liquidity and credit perspective. I'll ask Mike to see if anyone left at Enron is familiar with APEA to open this discussion with them. The difficult part may be amending the margin agreement as I would assume these documents were pledged to the municipal bond holders.

Jeff Delapino (sp?) from Chase has asked me to look into the above transaction to change from monthly collateralization to daily. Do you know who is familiar with this deal? Rick

I think we urgently (next 2 days) need to have a meeting to discuss where we allocate capital and risk. Counterparties are very nervous and many are not extending us credit so we are having to prepay extensively to do business, both in the US and UK. I have two suggestions:

-allocate to each business a fraction of our available liquidity
or
-appoint someone to make the call when a large chunk of cash is needed.

For example, EGM wants to send out $200- $300 million for sixty days to buy physical to cover an option with Koch. 

We do not have infinite liquidity and we need to address it fast. I will try to set up a meeting tomorrow.

Rick

I am in Washington all week (until Friday) but may be available by phone. Rick
Rick Buy

I know there is lots going on but I would like to resign from the Board of Mariner asap. I am having trouble devoting enough time to this function and feel it would be better if I turned it over to someone else. Dave Gorte in my group would be my recommendation as a replacement. If Dave does not have an interest, Brad Larson could also fill in. Any thoughts? If you have no issues I will proceed. Thanks, Rick

Effective immediately, I want to sign all Dashes for RAC. I have asked Dave to continue reviewing the deals and initial the Dash but I want to sign them. This will enable me to be more on top of transactions and also allow me to relate to the other things that are going on. Thanks for your cooperation.  Rick

can you explain this to me? tx rick

As we discussed yesterday, the exchange ratio adjusted price comparison is the key ratio to guage market merger appetite.   I also included the ENE 6 5/8% 10/15/03 bond price to view the credit market's perception.
I'll send it around from time to time.  An excel file is attached.

Regards,

Michael

 << File: Enron-Dynegy.xls >> 

I can comment on trade behavior and margin if appropriate. Rick

Tim,

Can you rough out a slide on rating agencies?  I also want to update liquidity with some comments about LCs and refinancing requirements including Rawhide, Bank RC, Marlin and Osprey.  We probably have to discuss trade behavior and margin.

Ray

Mary- attached is the non password protected version. This is the bare bones list of people I need, which is a 47% reduction. Also included is a list of recommended bonuses to keep some of them. Let me know if it meets your needs. I will modify it any way your heart desires. Rick

 

Does this impact our discussion of yesterday? By the way, Richard Sanders was very helpful in helping me deal with this. Rick

As you may have become aware, the company received notice yesterday that you have been named as defendants (along with Enron Corp., Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling, Andy Fastow, and Arthur Andersen) in one of the federal securities class actions.  I will forward to you a copy of the Complaint.  We are in the process of determining who would be the most effective counsel for you.  If you wish to have separate representation, please let me know.  I cannot guarantee that the D&O carrier will reimburse you for the cost of separate counsel.  

I am setting up a meeting with counsel for Enron Corp., Susman & Godfrey, to discuss this litigation with you as soon as possible.  Please do not hesitate to call me with any questions.

Thank you.      

Bill- I have revised presentation. Do you want to see it again? Rick

Greg- we plan to counter at indicated discount. Let me know if you disagree. Rick

	
Below are the proposed discounts we discussed with Ken Lay this afternoon:

USD millions:       
                          Cash from 85       P+L with 85 cent 
             Discount   cent sale of claim    sale of claim

Enron      $ 85.0 (17%)       $361.8             +$129.1      
PG&E       $237.0 (46%)       $232.6             -$  0.1 
Midpoint   $161.0 (32%)       $297.2             +$ 64.5

If the midpoint (value between PG&E and Enron settlement offers) is acceptable from a liquidity and P+L standpoint, propose countering at a discount of $123 million (move half way to midpoint) to provoke a counter offer.   Intent is to settle at midpoint discount of $161 million.  The Excel file is attached.   

 

Fyi rick
Rick Buy

Rick,

I have tried to access the web site and not been successful. It states that=
 the page cannot be found and to try the policies page, and for this I am a=
dvised that I do have right of access.

I will try to access again shortly, however since this email was sent high =
priority I wanted to let  you know of the difficulty. Is there another way =
of accessing the page?

Thanks

Robert Brooks

Dear Robert Brooks:

For Policy: Risk Management Policy, Amended October 9, 2001

On August 14, 2001, the Board of Directors of Enron Corp. (the "Board") app=
roved a new and revised Enron Risk Management Policy (the "Policy").  The B=
oard amended the Policy on October 9, 2001.  The Policy covers Enron Corp. =
and its subsidiaries (the "Company") and focuses on procedures for managing=
 the Company's exposure to risk as encountered in the normal course of busi=
ness.  This Policy establishes a framework under which the Company's exposu=
re to risk will be evaluated, managed and controlled and pursuant to which =
capital will be allocated and preserved.  The Policy also focuses on four m=
ajor types of risk: (a) market risk; (b) credit risk; (c) operational risk =
and (d) liquidity/funding risk.  These risks will be managed on a portfolio=
 basis with standard transactions being subject to various market risk limi=
t structures and credit approval processes and non-standard transactions be=
ing subject to the Transaction Approval Process and the Guarantee Approval =
Process.   Finally, the Policy provides an overview of the various risk mea=
surement tools and limits that will be applied to risk, and the roles and r=
esponsibilities of both key participants and normal employees in the risk m=
anagement framework. =20

All managers and relevant employees of the Company are responsible for comp=
lying with the risk management policies and procedures addressed in the Pol=
icy and are required to sign a Compliance Certificate indicating their unde=
rstanding of and compliance with the Policy. =20
=09
Rick Buy
Chief Risk Officer
Risk Assessment and Control

http://policies.corp.enron.com/Risk%20Management%20Policy%20Amended%20Octob=
er%209%202001.asp?PID=3D00090640&ID=3D4

Did you send out a global message from me? I have received many replies that message is undeliverable. You can reply via email. Rick
Rick Buy

How so. I have tried my best over the years to improve deal quality to an audience that usually told me that I was irrelevant. Suggest you get facts before judging anyone. Rick
Rick Buy

Please send me an email. Is Cassandra there today? Rick
Rick Buy

I am somewhat surprised a Buffet or KKR hasn't done that very thing. Rick

     ... how about an LBO?

Certain high net worth executives sponsor the deal in conjunction with a
major financial investor such as JPM/Chase or Citibank.  Force the share
trust participants to go along and cut in all management and employees.  It
gets the company out of the spotlight and might have some real attraction
for deal starved investors... esp at this price level.  It could remotivate
everyone and provide a way to recover some of the lost value that had
accrued to the employees over the years.  Obviously, some stakeholders
would do better that others but that's the way it goes sometimes.

Just a thought.

Hang in there.

Jim

_____________________________
Jim Easter
Reliant Energy Solutions
Transaction Development & Support
713-207-3170 - Office
713-898-9481 - Mobile
877-330-0952 - Pager
jeaster@reliant.com

This is what you are talking about?  Rick

we bought 15000 contracts and our VAR didn't fall.  Something is wrong with the model

FYI - this is out there as a possible reason why Americas VaR did not come down to within limits as we expected.
In the absence of a fix it looks as though we have another VaR violation.

Kathy,
It looks like the Canadian positions didn't hit VAR last night.  Can you re-check?
Also, I understand Zufferli bot a ton of NG and I thought he was short? (Why is system showing he is long?)

Frank

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8241559.1328	
11/26/2001	J_ZUFFERLI	NG	8568832.813	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA-PWR-BU	NG	8691997.5495	

EFF_DT	PORTFOLIO_ID	COMMODITY_CD	SumOfDELTA_POSITION	
11/23/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8298324.949	
11/26/2001	CANADA_PWR_GAS	NG	8691997.5495	

Rick Buy
02/26/2001 03:01 PM
Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at most everything there in detail).

As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)

Thanks, Rick Buy

Thanks for the information on the GB 58. This boat far exceeds what I want. After the show I concluded that  either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line (after looking at most everything there in detail).

As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage( in someone's backyard!)

Thanks, Rick Buy

Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide. Tx Rick

It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, manager in the Market Risk Group. Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb. 22, 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details.

Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed, but made a real impact especially on those that worked closely with him. Andy had  a warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made him a real asset to the group. He will be missed.

I approve this request. Thanks, Rick Buy

Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group? Rick

I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal controls. They have asked for a detailed presentation on :

-EAM business
-Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves
-Credit issues in general.

I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized. EES may attend but not present. I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas. Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two. Lets try to meet next week. 

Karen- please set up.

Tx Rick
-

???????????????????????????????????????????? Rick
FYI

Sent by:	Carol Moffett
We are pleased to announce that Harold Buchanan will attend MIT Sloan School Executive MBA Program.  Harold and his family will leave for Boston in April.  In the meantime, he will work on special projects for EES and Marty Sunde will be assume leadership of Harold's organization until a replacement for Harold is found.

Please join us in congratulating Harold and in wishing him and his family the very best of luck in New England.  We look forward to his return to Enron in 2002.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Do I want to be represented by someone named lawless? Rick
Rick Buy

Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up.  Great job. Thanks, Rick

need to know more. focused on trading? or assets? rick

What conference? Rick

Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website?? that is basically a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped. If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim. 

Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D.  and proceed to banks. Ben is clearing idea with Delaney. We are shooting for a Friday (23) meeting.

Thanks, Rick

fyi, rick

Rick,

I wanted to touch base with you regarding our Korean Won exposure.  As you know, a remaining issue involves who is responsible for these types of hedges Corp or business unit.   

The currency traders on Hickerson's desk contacted me today.  They mentioned that it is an appropriate time to put a currency hedge in place for 3 reasons:

1.) The spot rate has fallen back to the 1230 KRW/USD level
2.) The forward rate is relatively flat as there is no signifcant difference in 1 year rates between the two currencies.
3.) Option volatilities have decreased significantly over the past month.

Please let me know if (when?) we should discuss this issue further.  The currency traders mentioned that they will bubble this issue up with Jim Hughes again later today.  

Thanks,

Rudi

fine by me, rick

The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. The following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows:

Legacy Opportunity

Molly Harris
Teresa Seibel
James Copeland
Michael Tribolet
Jay Hachen
Minal Dalia
Don Rollins
Rick Carson
Jeff Soo
Debbie Brackett
Sue Vasan

On Going Opportunities

Denise Fury
Mark Wilson
Dana Smith
Andrew Greer
Martin O'leary
Jay Hachen
Dave Gorte
Darren Schmidt
Vladi Gorny
David Port
Jeff Soo

This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end, but it is necessary. If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael Tribolet to manage the task. If you want someone else to manage the  effort we will assist as we can. Regardless of who leads this effort we need following:

Commitment of EES back office staff people 
Commitment of IT resources
Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget, which I am under huge pressure to reduce, not increase.

Let me know how to launch this program.

Rick

No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss. Want to join us? Rick

Great news. Thanks for the heads up. Rick

No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not done. Should be pretty safe. Rick

I should have sent a copy of this to you as well. FYI Rick

Janet - thanks for your note. Following are my thoughts. First, I am not going to Netco. (Long story). Second, I have spoken with Ken Lay and Jeff McMahon about the continuation of RAC and my leading it. They both want RAC to continue and want me to lead it and also combine an internal audit function with RAC as well (to be determined more definitively). 

Jim has also requested that some RAC folks be near his operation as you have which I totally understand. I think I will assign a couple people to his floor but keep the bulk of our operation on 28. We have counterparty credit files on 15,000 counterparties as well as Dash libraries and other info that require large secure space.

My final issue is that I have had three credit people leave this week so my situation is getting critical. I need to get Netco people away from 28 and get remaining RAC people sitting together and feeling like a team. Everyone is looking and the market is hot for our credit and market risk people. 

I hope this addresses your issue.

Rick

Hi Rick. Hope your holding up. We are going to have all of the "on-going concern" activities here in the old building on the 30-31-32 floors. We will be splitting the estate infrastructure into two functions: on-going activities (contracts/assets we will continue to serve and perform under) and wind-up/liquidation activities. Jim Fallon will be managing the latter function and I believe he is staying in the new building for now.

We need to ensure that we have the appropriate folks from RAC engaged in the on-going concern function. I'd prefer that we continue to have them located near our floors vs. move to another location (as I hear through the grapevine). Could you suggest the folks that would be available to focus exclusively on on-going concern activities, and do you want them to stay on the 28th floor or move onto 31 with us?

Thanks.

I'll be in New York. They will have to fly solo on this. Rick

What do you think. Probably ok I guess. Rick
Rick-  

Thanks for the DASH for the Harvard case study. 

I know that you changed the name and some numbers, but I just wanted to check that you are comfortable with it being included as an example in a study that will be published and taught.

Please confirm.

Thanks. 

Mike

No further Board approval is required. I'm told that new products on EOL require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to put the product online. Rick

fyi, rick
Tracy Ngo
02/08/2001 08:12 PM
I'm actually holding up fine, thanks for asking.  Stress?  What stress?!  Fortunately, our credit group has been able to cross-support as an effective team to support the other business that's going on OUTSIDE of California.  Up here, we call the California situation "Project Titanic".  Do you think that's too pessimistic?!

Tracy

Rick Buy
02/08/2001 11:19 AM
Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?

Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy. 

Rick

<Embedded StdOleLink>

You may have an interest in this. FYI Rick

As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams =
that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it exp=
ands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided t=
he names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adj=
usted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but oth=
ers will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be multidimensional.=
 There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is respons=
ible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC group that you a=
re in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for considera=
tion.

-=09The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the comme=
rcial business units and achieve this within our control framework.
-=09Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heighten=
ed awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" .
-=09All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment.
-=09Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitu=
de among the teams.
-=09Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect.
- =09Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions wi=
ll require more frequent informal meetings.
-=09There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of=
 credit, market risk or our portfolio.
-=09All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offe=
r to help out if needed.
-=09If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen.
-=09Encourage weak links in team to perform.
-=09Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the busin=
ess unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement.
-=09If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange=
 it with your supervisor.
-=09Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the =
PRC and compensation processes.

The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a cat=
alyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.

This process should begin immediately.=20

Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.

Rick

=20

As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope. Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adjusted from time to time. Only the more senior people were included, but others will be included as appropriate. Many will have to be multidimensional. There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is responsible for the activities of the team, regardless of the RAC group that you are in. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration.

-	The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework.
-	Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened awareness of RAC issues. "De-silo-ization" .
-	All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment.
-	Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude among the teams.
-	Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect.
- 	Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings.
-	There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit, market risk or our portfolio.
-	All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. Offer to help out if needed.
-	If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen.
-	Encourage weak links in team to perform.
-	Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business unit with the team present. This may take one quarter to implement.
-	If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor.
-	Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC and compensation processes.

The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a catalyst to the recent reorganization there. You can have an impact.

This process should begin immediately. 

Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort.

Rick

Are you alive? How is your health? Is stress a big part of your life?

Hope all is well. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy. 

Rick

This was an excellent response. No need to take too much grief though. Rick

Jeff- this guy sent me this email. Probably not any interest to you, but you can decide.  Rick
Mr. Buy,

We are looking at sale of a percentage on producing gas plays (domestic),
and seeking working interest investment in E&P international (various
regions).

I can forward a brief outline if you'd prefer.

Best regards,
David Oles

What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are
referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy

Please include Bill Bradford if possible. Tx Rick

Unfortunately I will be talking with the SEC next week. If you think Dave Gorte could help in this feel free to invite him to your meeting. Rick
	
 << OLE Object: Microsoft Word Document >> 

What type of projects? If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person. Thanks, R. Buy

 

Check out this site. Rick   http://www.laconiamcweek.com/

Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. Then week of March 5. I could stay a day or two if needed. Any thoughts? Rick

This is fine by me. Rick Buy

Please review the attached promotions in your group and see if this is something that you would like to send out.  I can also include the London employees if you want .  Let me know.  

Sheila

 

thanks- now i  just have to convince jeff-- rick

The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server.

Thanks for the feedback. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed.

Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are.

Thanks again for the feedback. I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered.

Rick

Sounds fine to me. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. Rick

Louise- We need to get Netco people and UBS off the floor on 28. It is demoralizing to the remaining estate people and I am having a huge problem keeping people in their seats. Three have quit this week and we need the ones that remain. Can you make this happen rapidly? Thanks, Rick

I liked him alot. Seems ready, willing and able to make a move. What are your thoughts? Rick

Thanks for your note. I want to wish you the best of luck in EES. As far as RAC's issues with EES, I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force. I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.

Again, I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron. Have fun!!

Rick

Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I did not want this procrastinated on. I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. Rick 

A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!!! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there. 

We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. More to come.

Rick

Please print and file tx rick

For your peace of mind.

sheila 
 		

We will save this for our records.
Thanks,
Robert Howes
Sr. Security Specialist
IT Security and Controls
Work 713-345-3423
Fax     713-646-3010
Email             mailto:Robert.Howes@Enron.com
2Way Pager mailto:roberthowes@pagenetips.com

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know. Tx Rick

The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below.

Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(?)

Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves.

Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully.

Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate.

This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp.

 Rick

Karen- please print this out and file somewhere. tx rick

 		

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future. Thanks, Rick

 		

Rick Buy, the Business Unit Head for the RAC group, and I logged onto his computer on Friday, January 26, 2001 to review information for an investigation on one of his employees.  We logged on at 3:01 PM and logged off at 3:15 PM.  Please make certain that the records reflect this investigative effort so Mr. Buy's name does not come up in a random search for accessing inappropriate websites.  If you have any questions, please call me at Ext 30649. Thank you. 

Sheila Walton
HR Director

Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. We should probably cancel this account. Rick Buy

Janet - thanks for your note. Following are my thoughts. First, I am not going to Netco. (Long story). Second, I have spoken with Ken Lay and Jeff McMahon about the continuation of RAC and my leading it. They both want RAC to continue and want me to lead it and also combine an internal audit function with RAC as well (to be determined more definitively). 

Jim has also requested that some RAC folks be near his operation as you have which I totally understand. I think I will assign a couple people to his floor but keep the bulk of our operation on 28. We have counterparty credit files on 15,000 counterparties as well as Dash libraries and other info that require large secure space.

My final issue is that I have had three credit people leave this week so my situation is getting critical. I need to get Netco people away from 28 and get remaining RAC people sitting together and feeling like a team. Everyone is looking and the market is hot for our credit and market risk people. 

I hope this addresses your issue.

Rick

Hi Rick. Hope your holding up. We are going to have all of the "on-going concern" activities here in the old building on the 30-31-32 floors. We will be splitting the estate infrastructure into two functions: on-going activities (contracts/assets we will continue to serve and perform under) and wind-up/liquidation activities. Jim Fallon will be managing the latter function and I believe he is staying in the new building for now.

We need to ensure that we have the appropriate folks from RAC engaged in the on-going concern function. I'd prefer that we continue to have them located near our floors vs. move to another location (as I hear through the grapevine). Could you suggest the folks that would be available to focus exclusively on on-going concern activities, and do you want them to stay on the 28th floor or move onto 31 with us?

Thanks.

Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London??? Rick

Phone numbers for Ted Murphy, Anne=wife

Work	020-778-35005
Home	020-7937-2051
Cell	78815-12144

They are very nice and are expecting you and Rebecca. Feel free to ask them for advice, help or whatever. If something happens and you need money I'll pay Ted back. Have fun, Love Dad.

Wow!! Quite the atricle. Great job. You should publish it in business week or fortune. Thanks for sending me a copy. Rick Buy

 <<Risk Manager of Tomorrow.pdf>>

I hope you find my newest article from the RMA Jounral  of personal and
professional interest.

Trust all is well.

caf

If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution
or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited
and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice
contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in
the governing KPMG client engagement letter.         

ted fyi, rick

Hi daddums.  Call me for great news!  Too good for e-mail.  Here's my info.
I sent it to mom, as I'm sure she'll want it too:

British Airways

To London:
March 2, 2001-Flight 212
Departure Time:  18:00
Arrive:  London Heathrow Airport (LHR) @ 5:25 am

To Boston:
March 10, 2001-Flight 215
Departure Time:  15:40
Arrive:  Boston Logan Airport @ 6:20 pm

My confirmation number is T6 HKH8, and I spoke to Carla (not sure if that's
important).

British Airways telephone is 800 247 9297.

We are staying at:

Kingsway House
from March 2, 2001 to March 10, 2001
Telephone:  (020) 7373 6847
Fax:  (020) 7370 2623
Address:  71 Eardley Crescent
London SW5 9AN

e-mail:  patrick@ocallaghans.co.uk

website:  http://www.ocallaghans.co.uk

Show tickets are for:
March 6, 2001 @ 19:45

Reference number for show tickets (in case I lose them):
19-22090

Also, remind me to give you my tax return info.  Noel forwarded it to me
yesterday, as it got sent back from the Rushing River address.  I got $500 in
traveler's checks and $197 in pounds to start off.  I also plan on getting
about $100 in US dollars before I go.  I'll start packing Wednesday afternoon
to make sure I don't forget anything.  If you think of anything important for
me (besides umbrellas and toothbrush), please let me know asap.  I would also
appreciate a receipt notification from this e-mail, as it contains very
important information.  Haha, do I sound official enough?  Tell Ann Ducharms
and Ted Murphy that I appreciate everything they have done for me.  I think
that's about it.  Talk to you later!

All the very best,
Jules

It is critical that RAC speak as one here. Be sure to coordinate with Tribolet and Hachen on this stuff. Rick

I had a meeting today with Janet Dietrich, Wanda Curry and Sally Beck in connection with the forthcoming "Doorstep" reviews of EES. 

In an attempt to head this off, Wanda'a group had prepared a quick summary of the state of their world. From a risk management standpoint it appears to me that urgent tactical fixes required are as follows:

Characterization and representation of EAM options in the risk system;
Tarriff curves required;
No intra - month books;
J C Penney deal to go in tomorrow;
Inability to track roll - off of MTM value into actual cash paid or received;
Potentially inaccurate credit exposure numbers due to inconsistent counterparty data in their systems

Obviously Janet is very keen to manage expectations in this area, and I think one of the key points is their value at risk, which I think could jump as points 1 to 4 above are tackled.

The heads - up here is that I believe some discretionary VAR may be required shortly.

DP

fyi, rick
SEE ATT.... 

no problemo rick

Rick,

Both Tanya and David Port are out of the office today and neither will be able to call in.  In speaking with Tanya this morning, she would like to report on her discussions with Jim Fallon and the EBS Team in London when she returns on Monday.

Given that two key team members are out-of-pocket, I recommend we postpone the RAC EBS Team Meeting until Monday afternoon.

Please let me know if you have any objections or conflicts and I'll confirm or reschedule, as appropriate.

Thanks,

Chip

I like this. Tx Rick

 << File: 0227_LimitUtil.xls >> 

I may have caused some confusion regarding a credit person in New York. Karen left me a message that a new credit person in NY had started and wanted to meet me since she was in Houston. Turns out it was Bridgett Frazer who Bryan hired for Credit.com. Sorry for confusion. Rick

Looks great. Is it a fraternity or sorority. Love, Dad PS Mom is home.

I'm attaching the final copy of my resume, already critiqued by my advisor and ready to be sent to companies.  See what you think when you get a second.  I added a few projects and computer skills and changed a few classes.  Hope you're having a good day at work. 

Cheers loser, 
Jules 

fyi

Attached are the minutes from the February 6 Corporate Responsibility Task Force meeting.   Also attached is a chart outlining in more detail the metrics for success for each subcommittee.  The second document is the result of a meeting among subcommittee chairs and other interested task force members to help flesh out their purpose as a step toward developing a measurable work plan.

Let me know if you have questions or comments.  If you have not been contacted already, you will be hearing from your subcommittee chairs shortly regarding your next subcommittee meeting.  We also plan to set the date of the next overall task force meeting within the next couple of weeks.

            

yes, assuming you don't have an objection. i thought you were attending these meetings already but there are so many of them i get confused. rick

Rick,

Do you want to designate me as the RAC representative for this task force so that this comes directly to me?  Just let me know.

Regards,

Dave

fyi

Attached are the minutes from the February 6 Corporate Responsibility Task Force meeting.   Also attached is a chart outlining in more detail the metrics for success for each subcommittee.  The second document is the result of a meeting among subcommittee chairs and other interested task force members to help flesh out their purpose as a step toward developing a measurable work plan.

Let me know if you have questions or comments.  If you have not been contacted already, you will be hearing from your subcommittee chairs shortly regarding your next subcommittee meeting.  We also plan to set the date of the next overall task force meeting within the next couple of weeks.

 << File: 2-6-01CRTFminutes-final.doc >>       << File: 2-20-01SubCommRev-final.doc >>      

yes, tx rick

Rick,

I have been attending these, but as a temporary replacement for you--I was just checking to see if you wanted to make this permanent.

Dave

yes, assuming you don't have an objection. i thought you were attending these meetings already but there are so many of them i get confused. rick

Rick,

Do you want to designate me as the RAC representative for this task force so that this comes directly to me?  Just let me know.

Regards,

Dave

fyi

Attached are the minutes from the February 6 Corporate Responsibility Task Force meeting.   Also attached is a chart outlining in more detail the metrics for success for each subcommittee.  The second document is the result of a meeting among subcommittee chairs and other interested task force members to help flesh out their purpose as a step toward developing a measurable work plan.

Let me know if you have questions or comments.  If you have not been contacted already, you will be hearing from your subcommittee chairs shortly regarding your next subcommittee meeting.  We also plan to set the date of the next overall task force meeting within the next couple of weeks.

 << File: 2-6-01CRTFminutes-final.doc >>       << File: 2-20-01SubCommRev-final.doc >>      

Stephanie- can you fax this guy a blank dash. Tx Rick
rick, i wanted to write to thank you for the time yesterday. i found it
interesting and while our businesses are different, many of the experiences
are similar.

i was also hoping that you could send me a sample form of your "dash"
document as that would be useful for me.

you can fax it to 469-357-6406 or email it to me.

again, thks

bill

The names on this list seem very expensive to me. Do we really need this council? Rick Buy

As we discussed at the last Corporate Responsibility task force meeting, one activity that we have underway is recruiting an external advisory council.  This council will be comprised of global experts on environmental and social issues, from non-governmental organizations and potentially other businesses, to advise us on trends and issues in this area.  An outline of the advisory council structure, along with categories of experts and proposed names is attached below.

We expect to convene meetings with this group twice a year, inviting the Enron executive committee and board of directors, as well as the Corporate Responsibility task force, to engage in a dialogue.  We plan to present a slate of possible candidates to Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling later this month, and would appreciate your input and any ideas by March 16.

Thanks for your consideration.

 << File: External Advisory_final.doc >> 

please put this on my calendar. tx rick

Municipal Bond Overview Conference Call:

Due to the recent volatility in the Stock Markets, we believe that it is of the utmost importance to keep you abreast of  PaineWebber's outlook on the overall Markets. With this in mind, we have arranged an exclusive opportunity for you to get this information straight from UBS/PaineWebber's  analysts via a series of ongoing conference calls set up for your benefit.

On Wednesday, March 14, 2001, you are invited to participate in a conference call with Michael Ryan, Fixed Income Strategist for UBS PaineWebber, and John Bagley, Managing Director of the Municipal Securities Group at UBS PaineWebber. The subject of the call will be Mike Ryan's outlook on the overall municipal bond market, and the impact of President Bush's tax plan. Under Presidents Bush's proposal, the top two marginal rates would be combined into a lower 33% top bracket, while the next two rates would also be consolidated into a single 25% bracket. The 15% bracket would remain intact, but a new 10% bracket would be added. Following is the information you will need to dial into the call:

Telephone#: (800)-450-9667
Confirmation Code: 559005#
Date: 03/14/2001
Time: 10:00am Central Time (11:00am EST, 8:00am PST)
Length: 30 minutes
Title: Mike Ryan Municipal Bond Market Overview

To help ensure the conference begins in a timely manner, please try to dial in 5-10 minutes prior to the start time

Sincerely,

Hank Emery
Financial Advisor
Private Client Group
Emery Financial Group
UBS/PaineWebber Incorporated
109 N. Post Oak LN, Suite 150
Houston, TX 77024
713-957-7060

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

no, rick

Does anyone have the PG&E Energy Trading Margin Exception file???  

Wanted to apologize for running out on you in our meeting in London. Unfortunately, you just can't keep Frevert waiting, especially when he wants to have a beer. Lets catch up when you are in Houston. Rick

Elizabeth- I think it best that at this stage I opt out of this engagement. The situation I described to you is looking more and more like it is going to happpen and there is a real possibility I am totally engaged by the time this conference comes around. I am sorry if this poses a problem for you but there should be plenty of time to arrange an alternate. Rick

Hi Rick, hope you're doing okay .  . .  
Have a request re your write-up.  Can we,  please, shift the emphasis from the 'effective cro' - to how you managed the  risk inherent in the huge transition Enron has made, completely evolved, from an  energy to an ebusiness company.  Address online marketplaces/the value-add;  the shifting strategies involved in transitioning the company . . .  
Is this okay?
I'll need the paragraph/bullets by Thurs pm, if at  all possible.  Thanks, Rick and take care -
PS  Also need your brief bio and complete  contact info (incl mailing address)

Agree- thats what I thought when I met with her over there. Why don't you give her a call and try to arrange something. One thing I would rather not pay any relocation expenses since she is moving on her own accord. Have Suttle call her also. Tx Rick

This is a slam dunk with Alan Ford moving back to Quilkey's team.  Actually it may put us in a better position for Asia Pacific based on her credit experience.

Bill

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Anna Shaw@ENRON
08/03/2001 16:04
Rick, as discussed in London yesterday, I am leaving Enron for personal reasons (partner's work) and will arrive in Sydney late May/early June 2001.

As requested, 10 points re: transfer to Enron Sydney:

I am committed to staying at Enron.  This will enable me to continue to apply and develop my managerial, intellectual and analytical abilities within Enron's innovative business environment.

Senior Specialist - RAC-Credit London, since September 2000 in the Metals area, reporting to Tim Davies.

Member of the Enron Employee Stock Option Programme [key employee retention programme].

Last appraisal was favourable (reflected in 3.above) and management potential confirmed.

New Zealander citizen - no immigration issues.

UK work experience (1997-2001):
Strong investment banking background - UK and European Credit Risk (Associate Director level at UBSWarburg/Deutsche Bank) including M&A, structured hedge trades, securitisation and asset backed securities.  Client interaction - board level.

Investment Fund Manager - Asian Equities (Scottish Life Assurance Company)

New Zealand work experience (1992-1996):
Industry Analysis Economist/Manager (reporting to the Chief Economist), Corporate Banking Relationship Management (Westpac Banking Corporation - top Graduate position attained).  Investment Fund Management (Lloyds Bank sub- The National Bank of NZ).

Qualifications: Bachelor Degrees in Commerce (Finance) and Arts (Economics), Otago University, New Zealand (invitations to do Honours in Economics and Political Philosophy).

Interests: skiing, golf, running, reading, music, yoga, travel, cinema. 	

Many thanks for your consideration.

Regards.

Anna
+44 2077834481

fyi

fyi, please send org chart, tx rick
Ladies and Gentlemen,

	The FBI and the Department of Justice have reviewed an Enron Org Chart current as of October 2001, and now are requesting individual Org Charts for your respective 	business units.

	They essentially are trying to understand the teams that work for/report in to each of you, and get a better feel for Enron's business and corporate staff functions.
	For the larger groups, your direct reports and key commercial and staff support should suffice. For the smaller groups, a more complete list of your team would be 	appreciated.

	At your earliest convenience, please provide me with a copy of the following Org Charts:

		1.	Enron Global Services - Stan Horton

		2.	Risk Management/Chief Risk Officer - Rick Buy

		3.	Enron Broadband Services - Jim Fallon

		4.	Accounting/Chief Accounting Officer - Rick Causey

		5.	Global Finance/Treasury - Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen

		6.	Investor Relations - Mark Koenig

		7.	Enron Wholesale Legal - Mark Haedicke

		8.	Corporate Secretary/Board Communications - Paula Rieker

		9.	Enron Principal Investments - Kevin Garland

	Please call with any questions or comments.

Thanks

Ned Crady
Enron Global Markets
Office: (713) 853-4552
Email: ncrady@enron.com

Congrats!!!! Rick

Rick --

Our baby, Addison Sterling, was born on Saturday, January 12th at 12:31 PM.  She was fairly big - 8 lbs 14 ozs and she is 20 inches long.  I've attached a link to the hospital's website that has her picture (she is much cuter in person, of course :)

We named her after Addison St which runs by Wrigley Field (Home of the Chicago Cubs) and the Pound Sterling.

Cami is doing well and we have returned home on Sunday night.

http://web.mhhs.org/nursery/babyDetails.asp?hospitalID=7&search=list&babyID=19650

RZ

I think we will try to want to make this work for you. Bill Bradford and/or John Suttle will be contacting you. Tx Rick Buy

Rick, as discussed in London yesterday, I am leaving Enron for personal reasons (partner's work) and will arrive in Sydney late May/early June 2001.

As requested, 10 points re: transfer to Enron Sydney:

I am committed to staying at Enron.  This will enable me to continue to apply and develop my managerial, intellectual and analytical abilities within Enron's innovative business environment.

Senior Specialist - RAC-Credit London, since September 2000 in the Metals area, reporting to Tim Davies.

Member of the Enron Employee Stock Option Programme [key employee retention programme].

Last appraisal was favourable (reflected in 3.above) and management potential confirmed.

New Zealander citizen - no immigration issues.

UK work experience (1997-2001):
Strong investment banking background - UK and European Credit Risk (Associate Director level at UBSWarburg/Deutsche Bank) including M&A, structured hedge trades, securitisation and asset backed securities.  Client interaction - board level.

Investment Fund Manager - Asian Equities (Scottish Life Assurance Company)

New Zealand work experience (1992-1996):
Industry Analysis Economist/Manager (reporting to the Chief Economist), Corporate Banking Relationship Management (Westpac Banking Corporation - top Graduate position attained).  Investment Fund Management (Lloyds Bank sub- The National Bank of NZ).

Qualifications: Bachelor Degrees in Commerce (Finance) and Arts (Economics), Otago University, New Zealand (invitations to do Honours in Economics and Political Philosophy).

Interests: skiing, golf, running, reading, music, yoga, travel, cinema. 	

Many thanks for your consideration.

Regards.

Anna
+44 2077834481

Karen- talked to Whalley on this. He said he is going to kill deal but needs to do it carefully so he doesn't de-motivate people. So I guess we should keep working on it but it most likely won't go anywhere. A big concern Enron has now is that we have $7 billion of int'l assets and the fear is that we lose people and no one will be around to monitor and operate these assets. You need to use discretion on this but not waste too much time. Rick

Rick,

The name of the biomass power plant in question is Bulacon, originated by the APACHI group in 1999.

Thanks.

ok

Ricky . . Economist is working with Enron  pretty extensively.  You're on the roster for the upcoming NYC eBusiness  event and everyone is absolutely convinced you're best of breed on this  'managing risk inherent in transitioning to ebusiness model' that I asked about  yesterday.
May we keep your name (placeholder?) in brochure  and plan to identify another person to fill-in closer to the event  date?
Please?

Tim- Thanks for your note. Before Janet D. left she had requested additional resources and we began making arrangements to get people in place. We have assigned Tracy Ngo, Ed Sacks, Paul Radous and Wendy Conwell to power. We also have moved other RAC people into credit, Mark Ruane (VP), Ken Curry (Dir), and Carol North (Mgr). Unfortunately it takes some time to get these people trained on transactional credit issues but they should come along quickly. We are in the market for more.

It might be helpful to know if we could clone Tracy, how many would you need, given your plans in the market. Tracy is one of our best people. Also, does being in Houston work or do we need resources in Portland. 

I'll meet w/ Tracy next week when she is in Houston and get her views as well. 

Please don't hesitate to let me know if we aren't keeping up and of course if you are gearing up for a new market push and anticipate additional needs let us know ASAP because there is a 12 month or so training period required for a strong performer to get up the Enron curve. Thanks, Rick

I understand from Tracy Ngo that as a result of some organizational changes in RAROC there might be some personnel movement in your group.  As indicated in the e-mail below, our Portland Middle Market Group would like to see more resources dedicated to the credit function.  As a result of a number of factors credit is being asked to review a very large number of new counterparties and transactions for the Middle Market Group and it is typically taking 2 - 7 days to get a credit review turned around.  As you know, we believe existing personnel is top notch   There just aren't enough of them.  And, amongst all the RAC groups with whom we work, market risk and credit risk, it seems like resources are more constrained in the credit area.  We would love to see that reduced and anything you could do to make this happen would be appreciated.  

Thanks

Tim

Bill:

As I think you are aware, the Middle Market (MM) Group in Portland has been interacting with your credit group with increasing frequency.  We are counting on you to complete credit analyses that allow MM deals to be closed.  Although I don't think we have lost any deals as a result of the not doing credit analyses in time, we have been on the edge for weeks and a couple of deals have come down to the wire.  Anything you can do to allocate additional resources to credit analysis would be appreciated.

There are 3 forces currently aligned that make MM success highly contingent upon your credit group doing credit analyses to allow transactions to be closed. 

1.  Movement from WSPP to EEI contracts.  We are at a record pace with respect to getting new master agreements in place with counterparties.  Already this year we have done about 10 - 15 new EEIs, all of which require a credit analysis.  

2.  We continue to look at longer dated transactions that require special credit analysis.

3.  California credit risks are particularly high given what is going on with the "energy crisis."

The quality of work we get from Tracy, Ed, Wendy and Paul is nothing less than phenomenal.  We also have implemented a priority list that we use to identify the most critical transactions so we do not overburden your people with trivial requests.  It still takes typically about a week to get a credit worksheet done for a new EEI and most new deals are requiring an EEI.  In some cases, a quicker turn around is essential.  It seems to us that additional resources are warranted.  

I am pretty sure you are aware of this and are taking whatever action you can, but I thought it would be useful to document our needs to arm you with information if you  have internal negotiations to manage.  

Please let me know if you have any questions at 503/464-3822. 

Thanks!

Chris

Ted- I gave my pass to Mark Frevert who was going to return it for me. I guess he didn't. I'll leave him a message. Rick

Norm Tourangeau of B of A
212-836-5523

Please call re collateral Tx, Rick

Here is an application for George when he retires. Rick

Rick,
 
I'd like to introduce you to our company and set-up a one-hourconference call and discussion with you and/or someone you trustto evaluate this opportunity.
iSpheres Corporationisco-founded by the Chairman of  Computer Science Department at California Institute of Technology.
iSpheres enables dynamic arbitrage opportunities in commodities  trading. With iSpheres, trading firms wrap applications like steel  marketplaces, energy marketplaces, demand planning systems, and production  planning systems as components, and derive additional business value by  monitoring these components for real time interdependent events and then  reacting to those composite events  based on business rules.
iSpheres provides a software framework for developing and deploying these  loosely-coupled Web Services or Meta-Applications. These applications are  assembled from multiple components, each of which was previously itself an  application and data source, to enable new business processes. 
For example, a $22 billion investment bank uses the iSpheres Meta  Application Framework? to  detect and react to interdependent market events. This enables them to optimize  and automate the acquisition and response to relevant dynamic events in  their Market Intelligence information environment. 
The build out of the Internet and the rapid  deployment of eBusiness applications over last several years has established the  need and created the ability to build and deploy loosely-coupled Web Services or  Meta Applications. 
Please advise, otherwise I'll  follow up with you in 3-5 days.
Thanks,
H. Enzo Olfati 
Account Manager 
www.iSpheres.com 
tel.978.461.4840 direct.510.302.6767
P.S. I have also  e-mailed this to others at Enron to determine the appropriate contacts  to have the discussion  with.

I see no reason not to except they rotate out in a year. Maybe we could have them rotate to another group in RAC. We need bodies so my vote would be to take him if he passes our test. Rick
What is your view on taking analysts from the program in the group?  He may be able to help with some of the credit analysis that we are backlogged on?

Bill

Mr. Bradford:
 
I just wanted to reiterate my interest in a RAC  rotation, following our conversation last week. I have had a chance to  speak to some analysts in RAC and I am convinced that it would be an  unparalled learning opportunity. Once again, I will be starting in the analyst  program this July, and I am graduating from UT Austin with both  a BBA and MPA. I am also taking the CPA exam this May. Lexi Elliot from HR  should be getting in touch with you following my conversation with her this  morning regarding a RAC rotation. Many thanks once again for your  assistance.
 
Regards,
 
Geiv Dubash
 
1600 Wickersham Lane Apt. 2042
Austin, TX  78741
(512) 385 3418
 - Resume - Geiv Dubash.rtf << File: Resume - Geiv Dubash.rtf >> 

I'm in. Maybe we could form a committee so Mark could be on it. He could even chair it if he was up to it. Regards,

Rick Buy

Executive Vice President
Chief Risk Officer and member of VP PRC Committee
Enron Corp.

Dinner is now scheduled at Pappas Steakhouse, Monday, March 26, at 7pm for all of those on one of the new committees and Mark Koenig.  Attendance is mandatory.

Regards,
__________________________________

Jeffrey McMahon
President and Chief Executive Officer
Enron Industrial Markets
Tel:  713.853.5359
Fax: 713.646.5930

thats really below the belt

Hey, the title happens automatically.  You must have a new secretary if she did not set you up that way...oh that's right!...you ran your last one off didnt you?

J - I am actually on one of the "secret" committees!   In addition, I am always suspect of people who feel the need to use their big fancy CEO title at the bottom of their emails. MEK

Dinner is now scheduled at Pappas Steakhouse, Monday, March 26, at 7pm for all of those on one of the new committees and Mark Koenig.  Attendance is mandatory.

Regards,
__________________________________

Jeffrey McMahon
President and Chief Executive Officer
Enron Industrial Markets
Tel:  713.853.5359
Fax: 713.646.5930

It has been unreal. Would like to catch up. I may need a job! Looks like UBS has bought our trading operation which includes me for the moment anyway. Hope all is well on your end. Rick 
Been following the Enron story as everyone else.  I am sure that is another 
side to it.  Hope things are going OK for you.  Lets catch up when things 
calm down. 

Regards, 
James 

I think it would be best if we sent a team to you office for a day or two. If we did it here it would be difficult to get people's attention for anything other than a minute. Let me know your thoughts. Rick

Rick,
Thanks so much for the hospitality last week down in Houston.  I spoke to Gene regarding your offer to sit down and give us some of your expertise and you helping us to evaluate where we are,  what we need to do and the best course to get there.    I also discussed info sensitivity and neither of us see this as a big risk.  I would like to proceed with this asap.   i will be down in Houston on Wednesday (meeting with Lou Pai and gene and others) and could stay on longer if there was a chance to meet, either Wednesday afternoon or Thursday.  Friday is possible although slightly tougher.   Otherwise could you suggest some time.  Regards,
Bill

I didn't realize everything was here. Lets set a date and get after it. Rick

Rick,
All the risk info and personnel are in Houston.  risk mngt and the core controllers are at Jefferson Street.  The programmers etc... who have had input are also in that office.   Because we do not have a team built yet (my primary task) we will need to pull from varied resources. 
Hence,  although i understand the distraction of being so close to HQ I still think it favors being down there.  
Regards,
Bill

I think it would be best if we sent a team to you office for a day or two. If we did it here it would be difficult to get people's attention for anything other than a minute. Let me know your thoughts. Rick

Rick,
Thanks so much for the hospitality last week down in Houston.  I spoke to Gene regarding your offer to sit down and give us some of your expertise and you helping us to evaluate where we are,  what we need to do and the best course to get there.    I also discussed info sensitivity and neither of us see this as a big risk.  I would like to proceed with this asap.   i will be down in Houston on Wednesday (meeting with Lou Pai and gene and others) and could stay on longer if there was a chance to meet, either Wednesday afternoon or Thursday.  Friday is possible although slightly tougher.   Otherwise could you suggest some time.  Regards,
Bill

fyi, rick
We have set up two meetings with Rick Causey for April to work on the Presentation for the April 30 Audit Committee Meeting.

April 9		2:00 - 3:00		EB5023 (Causey's office)		Audit Committee Presentation Pre-Meeting
											Rick Causey, Rick Buy, Bob Butts,
											Tod Lindholm, Dave Duncan, 
											Shawn Kilchrist

April 17		3:00 - 3:30		EB5023					Audit Committee Presentation - Rick's final comments
											Rick Causey, Bob Butts, Tod Lindholm, 
											Dave Duncan, Shawn Kilchrist

fyi, rick
Rick,

I just realized that I failed to thank you for coming to the Woodlands last month to speak to the EAM and AOPS teams regarding risk management at EES.  In the brief time I've been at Enron, I've focused on bringing a more disciplined approach to, and understanding of, the importance of identifying and managing the risk inherent in the EAM business.  However, you provided a far more global perspective, including the view senior management, the Board, and the investment community. It meant a lot to the group to have someone from senior management take the time to meet with us.   

I'd also like to acknowledge the support we've received from Jay and others within RAC  - I appreciate their efforts.

Again, thanks for the visit.

Dave Roberts   

probably not worth the time. i think it is kind of a rehearsal. rick

Rick,
should anyone else from the group participate?  Cassandra, David or me?
ted

fyi, rick
We have set up two meetings with Rick Causey for April to work on the Presentation for the April 30 Audit Committee Meeting.

April 9		2:00 - 3:00		EB5023 (Causey's office)		Audit Committee Presentation Pre-Meeting
											Rick Causey, Rick Buy, Bob Butts,
											Tod Lindholm, Dave Duncan, 
											Shawn Kilchrist

April 17		3:00 - 3:30		EB5023					Audit Committee Presentation - Rick's final comments
											Rick Causey, Bob Butts, Tod Lindholm, 
											Dave Duncan, Shawn Kilchrist

Do you guys think these meetings are still necessary? Rick (I don't)
This is a reminder that the next Weekly Risk Forum Luncheon will take place Tuesday, March 27th from 12:00p.m. to 1:00pm in conference room EB-2868.  Erik Simpson, from EBS Media Services will be our guest speaker, discussing Enron Media Risk Management.  Lunch will be served; consequently, if you are unable to attend please advise accordingly.

Please note that this weeks RFL is from 12:00 to 1:00 PM. 

Thank You,
AC Romero 
3-0402 

fyi- we need to discuss, rick
Gentlemen:

	Bob and I would like to schedule a joint session of the Audit and Finance
Committees, perhaps at the August meeting, to cover the following topics
(and any others which occur to you):

1.	how and why are the trading and investment policies (and levels specified
therein) established;

2.	how and why are the VAR and maximum expected loss limits set;

3.	how useful is the VAR methodology as it is extended outside of the
wholesale gas and electricity business.

	It would also be useful to update the Committees on the post-audits of
recent investments and perhaps on the larger "asset" investments such as
Dabhol, Electrol, Cuiaba, etc.  Even as we move away from these investments,
there may be some additional lessons to be learned.  Does our post-audit
process and procedure continue?

	We could meet briefly in May to discuss the idea of a joint meeting and the
proposed agenda, if that is convenient.

	Best regards.

Herbert S. Winokur, Jr.
Capricorn Management, G.P.
203-861-6600
203-861-6671 (fax)

fyi- we need to discuss, rick
Gentlemen:

	Bob and I would like to schedule a joint session of the Audit and Finance
Committees, perhaps at the August meeting, to cover the following topics
(and any others which occur to you):

1.	how and why are the trading and investment policies (and levels specified
therein) established;

2.	how and why are the VAR and maximum expected loss limits set;

3.	how useful is the VAR methodology as it is extended outside of the
wholesale gas and electricity business.

	It would also be useful to update the Committees on the post-audits of
recent investments and perhaps on the larger "asset" investments such as
Dabhol, Electrol, Cuiaba, etc.  Even as we move away from these investments,
there may be some additional lessons to be learned.  Does our post-audit
process and procedure continue?

	We could meet briefly in May to discuss the idea of a joint meeting and the
proposed agenda, if that is convenient.

	Best regards.

Herbert S. Winokur, Jr.
Capricorn Management, G.P.
203-861-6600
203-861-6671 (fax)

I left Skilling a message on this. Lets see what he has to say. Rick

FYI

This counterparty's line of business is the distribution of pornography.  I asked Robbi Rossi her thoughts, and legal is OK with the deal because there is no illegality (as long as it does not involve child pornography).  Jane has the company's tax returns.  It is a 1 year on-net OC-12 from Seattle to San Jose plus local loop with an MRC of 22K per month.  This is a transaction which accoriding to our guidelines we would approve with no credit language in the GTCs due to size.  There is no income being marked on the deal.  I just wanted to be sure all parties are aware of what we are doing (Jim and Paul are aware per below message).  Clearly this is not credit risk; however, it seems plausible that there is the potential for this deal to reflect negatively on Enron if it were to become known in the market that we were selling our network capacity to  customers in this line of business.

Thanks,
Tanya

Jane,

I asked Paul and Jim if there was a problem with doing a deal with Flying Crocodile, and the response was that we will deal with them so long as they contractually agree that they will not use the capacity for any unlawful purpose (which is a standard clause in our agreement).  Therefore, we will move ahead with this.  As I told you earlier, the mark on the long-haul is likely to be negative, and it is an on-net circuit so we can absorb it back if they default.  The local loop is off-net, so I would imagine that you will want some protection on that side.  Let me know if you need anything else from me.

Thanks,
BG

Bryan Garrett
Northwest/Canada Desk
Bandwidth Trading & Risk Management
Enron Broadband Services

Office - (713) 853-7993
Mobile - (713) 256-6668
Fax - (713) 646-8795

Rudi- I still have a hard time visualizing the risk here, other than pure dilution, which I guess we care about. There must be a way to communicate this issue graphically or with an example presented on a well thought out spreadsheet. If you (we) don't figure out a way to communicate the problem here we have no chance of winning the battle. Rick

Rick,

Although ENE is now trading in the $50 range, there is an opportunity to take advantage of this downturn in our stock value.  Our Enron Stock Option Plan is monstruously short calls to employees (approximately 45 MM share equivalent in vested, exercisable options).  Over the past few years the stock has traded significantly higher, which has created a large economic loss in the form of potential stock dilution.

In recent weeks, we have worked extensively with members of Fastow and Causey's organization and have been discussing various strategies to mitigate / dampen the dilution effect.  The outstanding issues include:

1.) Banks are approaching their ENE credit limit

2.) There is a tradeoff between accounting and economic value.  

We feel that the decision to hedge this program should be influenced by the implied view on the future performance of our stock.  SRM's goal is to create a proposal that will outline the costs/benefits to hedging the stock option program.  In addition, we are in the process of developing a model to identify the various decision inflection points.  My biggest concern is that we will not be able to influence senior management before the stock price begins to increase again. 

I wanted to give you a head's up in case Causey and/or Fastow start discussing this issue.  

      
      Rudi

 

I am out of office this week and will be unable to fill out questionaire. I have no personal transactions with any Enron entity. Hopefully this can wait until Monday. Rick
Rick Buy

We can help you interview. Bradford and Port can really help in this process but its best if you screen them first. As far as dates go we have an Enron BOD mtg coming up which totally consumes us. This meeting is in early May, so after mid April it starts to get crazy. It would be easier for me if you gave me a couple dates and I will see if we can accommodate. Rick

Rick,
I think what would work best is a half to full day in Houston.  Then a month or two later to do a check up.
This will allow us to tell you where we think we are, where we need to be and have you guys think about whether you would suggest anything different. 
Over the next few weeks could you suggest a few times that might work.  

In certain circumstances,  i would like to be able to have someone either w/i your group or perhaps a related group (e.g. kaminski) help in the interview process.  In fact,   I have a few candidates cueing up.  One is a PHD, Art Mazer of CL&P and i would love to be able to throw him past one of your guys.  I was thinking David Port.  Do you think i could borrow him for a phone interview.   I would like to do this asap so any input would be greatly appreciated.  Apparently, this candidate knows a few people w/i Enron and i'd like to run the traps on this  He does not claim that these are great ref's because he worked or knew them in limited capacity but any insight is valuable.   The names of the two people are Art Bieser (apparently worked at Entergy for a short time with him) and Alex Huang who he interviewed for a job at Entergy but choose Enron.  We would need to keep this on a P&C basis. 

I had dinner with Marc Tarkington on Wednesday.  I tried to entice him but its highly unlikely given he is paid quite well and the credit role here is somewhat unique.  He sends his best regards to you.

Thanks,
Bill

Spoke with Louise Kitchen on another matter but unprompted she mentioned she really valued the watch list work as well as the snapshot effort. She actually raved about the whole effort. Keep up the good work and let the group know it is valued. Now just do it faster and more efficiently so you  can do other stuff as well!!! Rick

thanks for checking- it is unusual that they post interest daily. rick

Mr. Buy,

Just wanted to get back with you to confirm that the income fund that you are invested in has earnings applied on a daily basis.  Attached is a transaction summary that reveals that the interest credited between 2/7/01 and 3/31/01 totals $6,080.71.

 << File: Buy Transaction Summary.xls >> 

Interest rate for the 1st QTR was approx. 1.59%.  On a prorata basis the interest recorded appears to be reasonable.  I would be happy to secure additional information from the recordkeeper concerning daily earnings on your account.  Please let me know if this additional information would be meaningful.

Have a great day!

Kim Bolton

Shawn- thanks for info. We have done a lot on retail credit effort and should probably have a meeting to update everyone. I'll try to set something up. Rick

Rick:

Did you get the articles that I sent to you on the fleet card business?  If you have some time, I'd like to discuss the meeting that we had with Comdata (which has a 60% market share of the fleet card business).  They have some live data that potentially could be very interesting (see following article).

Comdata is a quasi-credit card company as well as payment and services company.  In their normal course of business, they extend various credit lines to companies that operate fleets and they provide factoring services as well.  Comdata processes about 350 million transactions per year, of which about half represent diesel sales of about $15 billion annually.  They are also one of the largest issuers of stored value cards (GAP, etc.)

Are you making any progress on the credit side?

Take care.

Shawn

What a Mess!(Statistical Data Included)
JOHN D. SCHULZ
03/26/2001 
Traffic World 
Page 25 
Copyright 2001 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT 2001 Journal of Commerce, Inc. 
Truckers still waiting for signs of pent-up freight demand; earnings shortfalls, layoffs loom 
If you are waiting for trucking to kick-start the nation's economic recovery, pull up a chair and wait awhile. Trucking CEOs say they haven't seen this slow a first quarter in a decade. 
"Perhaps the weakest first quarter for freight demand since Swift became a public company in 1990," Phoenix-based Swift Transportation Chairman and CEO Jerry Moyes said. 
The first-quarter trucking mantra historically has been this: everybody loses money in January, hopes for a break-even February and earns whatever profit there is in the quarter in March. That formula may not hold this year. 
Gregory L. Quesnel, president and CEO of Con-Way Transportation Services and Emery Worldwide parent CNF Inc., said the current slowdown was first detected late in the third quarter last year and has become "more pronounced in each successive quarter." March, he said, has been "as disappointing as the first two months this year." 
Layoffs already are occurring at the major LTL carriers. Yellow Freight System has idled as many as 1,000 Teamsters and hundreds of white-collar back-office workers. Most large carriers are warning of profit shortfalls that will cause them to miss analysts' first-quarter estimates. But there are deeper fears, too. Marginal players may be forced into bankruptcy. Small, family-owned carriers may be unable to exit the industry on their own terms because of the shocking decline in the value of used trucks that is causing some companies to be valued at less than half their worth of just two years ago. 
Swift's volume drop-off began with shipments originating on the West Coast in January and February and it is continuing in March, Moyes said. Coupled with reduced demand from the Southwest, Moyes said Swift will not meet analysts' first-quarter earnings expectations. Swift is not alone. 
"We hauled less freight in February than February a year ago," said Bob Hammel, executive vice president of Pittsburgh-based Pitt Ohio Express, a leading privately held Eastern regional LTL carrier. "The slowdown in manufacturing began in the middle of last year and it was precipitous. Nobody anticipated the speed in which manufacturing demand fell off." 
Even Con-Way, the most profitable LTL operation in the past five years, said it would have a decline in first-quarter operating income compared with the year-ago period. Con-Way's tonnage declines were estimated in the "mid-single-digit" percentage range. 
Roadway Express estimated that its current tonnage levels are running 10 to 11 percent below those a year ago, which will result in an approximately one-half of 1 percent (0.5 percent) decline in its operating ratio. (see sidebar) 
Pat Hanley, Overnite Transportation's senior vice president and chief financial officer, said freight figures were flat in February year over year but rose slightly in March. Overnite is the exception to the LTL industry with as many as 24 new terminals scheduled to be opened this year. 
"January was pretty good to us, but February was flat. It's coming back in March. We're probably up in low single digits, 3 to 4 percent. We're picking back up. The economy has hurt us. If you had asked us at the start of the year, we'd have said we'd be up double-digits," Hanley said. 
The national economic picture is "a big concern," Hanley said. "We're not seeing pressure on prices, at least not so far. We're seeing customers ship 10 pallets a day instead of 20. The shipment size is coming down. Certainly we're concerned. We'll do O.K., but not as great as we'd like." 
Forget consumer confidence surveys or the producer pricing index or whatever stars align in Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan's world. The genuine leading indicator of any national economic trend is trucking, which is always a first-in, first-out industry in any economic slowdown. 
To hear trucking industry leaders tell it, get comfortable with beans and franks for dinner. It's going to be awhile before it's filet mignon time again. 
Shippers see what's happening as well but say it's still too early in the year for carriers to start cutting rates to fill empty trucks. 
"All the carriers we talk with report flat or slightly declining business levels -- definitely slower than early last year," said Bill Huie, assistant vice president of corporate transportation for NCH Corp., Irving, Texas. "With a couple of exceptions, carriers we talk with have no plans for expansion in the next few months. We are getting feelers about some possible lane adjustments to boost revenue. But generally it appears a little early in the economic downturn for much price movement." 
The national LTL carriers are seeing the same things. "Our business is down pretty substantially for the first quarter," said Roger Dick, spokesman for Yellow Corp., parent of Yellow Freight System and two large regional LTL carriers, Jevic Transportation, Delanco, N.J., and Saia Motor Freight, Duluth, Ga. 
USFreightways Corp., citing what it called the nation's "serious economic slowdown," said it expects first-quarter earnings to fall "very substantially below" current Wall Street consensus. 
Extreme weather conditions also contributed to the already weakened operating environment, USF Chairman, President and CEO Samuel K. Skinner added. 
"Traditionally, the first quarter builds momentum slowly, with March being the strongest month of the period," Skinner said in a statement. "This year, the economic slowdown of the fourth quarter of 2000 accelerated in January and February, softening even the normal modest expectations for those two months." 
It's not just the LTL industry that's hurting. The Morgan Stanley Dean Witter truckload freight index continues to show the worst demand-supply relationship since analyst James J. Valentine began tracking the data in April 1994. Two events can cause weakness in the index, according to Valentine. They are either an abundance of excess trucks on the road or weak freight demand. 
"So far in 2001, we have seen the confluence of both factors, but the fall-off in demand has far outpaced the increase in supply," Valentine wrote in his most recent "Trucking Snapshot" for early March. 
Year-to-date measurement for truckload demand is down 25 percent year over year, according to Valentine's index, while supply is up only 7 percent. That would indicate the over capacity was a significant issue last year but was "masked by the strong economy," Valentine says. 
In a more ominous note, Valentine believes overcapacity will continue to plague the truckload industry for the next one to two years. Only a reaccelerating national economy can bring the demand-supply back in balance for the truckload sector in the near term, Valentine predicts. 
The overproduction of new Class 8 trucks from early 1998 through early last year has put too many trucks on the roads and caused supply to back up at manufacturers, wholesalers and other retailers. Used trucks have lost on average more than 30 percent of their value over the past 18 months. Anecdotally, one used truck dealer, Music City Truck & Equipment, in LaVergne, Tenn., is holding a "two-for-one" sale on three- to five-year-old Class 8 Freightliners. You can buy two for around $30,000, less than a brand new Chevy Suburban SUV. 
What that means is a trucker who bought a 1998 Class 8 truck for $70,000 and depreciated half the value over three years has a piece of equipment on the books this year at $35,000. But assuming it has lost 30 percent of that value, it may only be worth $24,500 in actuality. For a carrier with a 100-truck fleet, that equates to a loss of more than $1 million on assets. 
The glut may last for a while, according to Valentine's analysis. Assuming a three-year trade-in cycle, most of the Class 8 tractors in the truckload sector are just now rolling over to the used-truck market. That means that overcapacity will plague the truckload industry for at least the next year. That will result in some of the marginal carriers exiting the business, as did nearly 1,900 carriers last year that either closed or declared bankruptcy. 
"We can see from indexes, surveys and other information available to us that it is unlikely there will be any significant improvement in March and freight demands will continue to be soft throughout the month. Based on all of these factors, we expect USFreightways' profits for the first quarter to be very substantially less than published analysts' forecasts," Skinner said. 
In addition, severe weather conditions including an earthquake in Seattle, rainstorms in California and blizzards in the Northeast have added cost and decreased efficiencies, Skinner added. 
Expectations at each of USF's operating companies have been affected, some more than others. The LTL, logistics, reverse logistics and freight-forwarding units are all showing decreased revenue and volume over a similar period last year, Skinner said. 
Further job cuts at USF Worldwide, its freight forwarder, would be in the offing as cost controls at the unit would be "accelerated" in the wake of the softening economy, Skinner said. Late last year, Skinner said the rebuilding process at USF Worldwide would be a two-year process. But the worsening economy has made that rebuilding job harder, he said. 
"We are seeing evidence that the slowing economy is, in fact, further impeding progress in this area," Skinner said. "During the fourth quarter of 2000 and continuing into the first quarter of 2001, the company has taken steps to increase cost efficiencies. Among these actions are a substantial cutback in capital spending and significant reductions in the labor force. These cost-control efforts will be accelerated to partially counterbalance the damaging impact of the current economic and weather conditions." 
In the 2000 first quarter, USF posted $22.3 million net income, a 27 percent rise from the $17.5 million earnings in the 1999 first quarter. At the time, that was USF's 15th straight quarter-over-quarter earnings increase. It came on $608.2 million revenue, an 18.5 percent rise in from the $513.2 million revenue in the 1999 first quarter. Analysts had been estimating USF to earn about $3.50 a share earnings for 2001, compared with actual $3.61 earnings per share for all of last year. In the fourth quarter last year, USF earned $23.7 million, or 91 cents a share. 
                          Trucking in a Snapshot
Market             What's Going On
MSDW [*] truckload Remains in record-low territory, indicating
freight index      the worst demand-supply relationship since MSDW
                   began tracking the date in April 1994.
Diesel prices      Diesel prices in the first quarter of 2001
                   have come down 6% sequentially from 4Q00. However,
                   the average price for the quarter remains 6%
                   above that of 1Q00.
WTI oil            OPEC recently agreed to reduce supply by 5% and
                   has stated a price objective of $25 per barrel.
Capacity           Retail sales of Class 8 tractors (new trucks
                   entering the market) came down in January, but
                   inventory (trucks that will enter the market at some 
                   point) to sales ratio hit a new high of 3.4 months
GDP                4Q00 GDP increased 1.1% and economists see U.S.
                   recession in 2001 with +0.5% and -1.4% GDP forecast 
                   for 1Q01 and 2Q01, respectively.
Retail sales       Retail sales rose 0.7% in January. While this
                   was better than forecast, the upside was likely
                   the result of excessive clearance sales after a
                   disappointing holiday season.
Consumer           The Conference Board's measure of consumer
confidence         confidence fell again (nine points) in February
                   after registering the largest one-month decline
                   in 10 years in January (14 points).
NAPM               The February NAPM rose slightly to 41.9.
                   However, it still indicates a contracting
                   manufacturing sector.
Leading            The index of leading economic indicators
economic           rose 0.8% in January, while
indicator          MSDW had forecast a 0.6% increase. This
                   represents the first rise in four months.
Stock              After a recent pullback, trucking stocks remain
perfonnance        up year-to-date with TL stocks up 5%, regional
                   LTL stocks up 9% and national LTL stocks up 13%.
Investor           For the week ended February 28, mutual fund
                   outflows totaled $309 million, compared with
                   inflows of $2 billion in the prior week.
Market             Implications
MSDW [*] truckload Negative for all TL carriers.
freight index
Diesel prices      The downward trend is Positive for all
                   carriers, especially TL carriers, which have
                   greater exposure to fuel than LTL carriers.
WTI oil            Negative for all carriers, as $25 per
                   barrel is still 25% higher than the $20 per
                   barrel average since 1990.
Capacity           Negative for TL carriers, not a major
                   concern for LTL carriers, which measure
                   capacity by the number of terminals.
GDP                Negative for all carriers.
Retail sales       Negative for both TI and LTL carriers.
Consumer           Negative for all carriers
confidence
NAPM               Negative for all carriers.
Leading            Positive for all carriers.
economic
indicator
Stock              Positive, however, stocks could pull
perfonnance        back further in the short term as
                   fundamentals catch up.
Investor           Negative.
Source: Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Research

fyi,rick
Per our discussion this morning, below is a summary of items to discuss with Glynn:

Adding Enron's "negative CTC claim" to the list of claims: PGE's filing included a list of top twenty creditors.  Our negative CTC claim was apparently not taken into account in compiling that list.  The list is nonbinding, however.  PG&E will be required to file schedules of creditors on April 20.  Our negative CTC claim should be on Schedule F (for unsecured claims).  You may want to remind Glynn of your previous conversations and state our expectation that the negative CTC claim will appear (preferably as uncontested) in the April 20 filing. (Note: if PG&E does not include the claim we have an opportunity to file a proof of claim and ultimately the court determines the validity of the claim).
Including Enron on the Creditors' Committee:  PG&E may have the opportunity to influence representation on the creditors' committees.  There are several reasons to suggest to Glynn that we be included: 1) we are a big creditor, 2) we could be helpful in crafting a broader solution, and 3) we are one of the real parties in interest behind the PX and ISO (who were listed as significant creditors but are really just "passthroughs" for the suppliers ... and PG&E likely would not want to have those political bodies serving on the creditors committee anyway).

Thank-you for your prompt response. R. Buy

Summary: Training on engine repair

Solution:

Thanks for your E-mail message.

Cummins, Inc. does not provide on-line training since Cummins distributor headquarter locations or training centers, handle all Cummins training. They have the facilities and a training manager and make the training available for all local dealers and customers in their territory.

Training information and scheduling that you may need is not available by E-mail. We suggest that you contact the nearest authorized Cummins distributor for additional training information and/or to schedule a training class.

Contact Information
    Dealer:
                         CUMMINS SOUTHERN PLAINS, INC.(4972) (Dealer/Distributor Code: 04972)
    Channel of Distribution:
                         Distributor
    Address:
                         4750 HOMESTEAD ROAD
    City State, Zip :
                         HOUSTON TX, 77028
    Phone:
                         (713) 675-7421

Thank you for choosing Cummins power. Please let us know if you need assistance in locating the nearest Cummins-authorized distributor or dealer. Please feel free to use our International Dealer Locator: (http://www.cummins.com/partserv/intro.html) found on the Customer Assistance page of the Cummins website (www.cummins.com).

Let us know if have other questions, or if away from your computer (or you have a time-critical request that needs urgent attention), feel free to call us (toll-free, from North America) at 1-800-DIESELS (343-7357), or 1-812-377-5000 (toll call, worldwide, ask for 800-DIESELS).

Regards,
--
Powermaster
Customer Assistance Center
Cummins, Inc.
Columbus, Indiana, USA
Email: powermaster@cummins.com

Details:
My son is interested in learning to repair marine engines (diesel) and would like to know if you provide training or could provide a recommendation.
Counter #        :  55739
Subject          : Training on engine repair
Serial #         :
User             : Mr. Richard B Buy
Email            : rick.buy@enron.com
Company          :
Phone #          : 713-599-0794
Date/Time : 04/09/2001 - 09:49 PM
Address          : 246 So Post Oak Lane
City             : Houston
State            : Tx
Zip Code         : 77056
Country          : USA
Fax #            :
What Application :
Remote address   : 64.217.124.81

Login:
Password:
Action: Submit
Format: Short 

fyi, pls review, tx, rick

Is this what you would need to have for the risk limits for the Board Meeting?     What else would you need from us. 

Rod and Dan,

As discussed in this morning's meeting, we have taken a look at the types of trades that we feel appropriately relate to our underlying transport and storage business (basis, spreads, fixed price) and recommend the following limits for the trade policy:

VAR:			$2 million
Net Open Position:	15 Bcf
Maturity/Gap Risk:	18 Bcf

I will set up a meeting for later in the week to discuss the approval process related to the policy and procedures.

Kent

Probably unnecessary to attend regularly from my point of view but I have no issue either way. I think it is a good idea to meet monthly with Causey. Rick

Rick: As you may recall, Andy had asked me to attend the Audit and Finance Committee meetings at the last Board meeting.  I was curious whether you thought it was a good idea for me to attend the Finance Committee meetings on a going forward basis (in the event of any LJM  discussion, or otherwise)?  I would be happy to do so, but my feelings won't be bruised if you think it unnecessary.

On a somewhat related point, during my last meeting with Rick Causey of about two weeks ago, Rick suggested that the three of us get together monthly to discuss what transactions are being discussed with LJM (or may have even closed during that time period), our related internal reviews, and documentation.  Are you ok with this arrangement?

Thanks.
Jordan 

We have received a request to change UK power limit from $12.6MM VAR to $35MM. Quite sizeable but I spoke with Richard Lewis and he seemed convinced it was necessary. Do you guys agree? What if it were $20MM? Skilling will definitely ask why such a large increase so I need to have your full support. Rick

I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time. Lets get risks into books, risk systems working, options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads. Rick

Rick/Vince,

Should this not be a Credit/Research initiative while the business unit focuses on originating good economic transactions?  Not to be complaining, but shouldn't EES be focusing on infrastructure issues rather than waste resources on a project we are already moving forward on?  You can't run a portfolio model, unless you have deals in a risk system!  How complex do we want these MODELS to be?  Behavioral implications on credit default?  They still don't seem to understand.

Regards,
Bill

Mark - please attend.  You may want to include Martin to help EES understand the complexity of their deals.

Comments from Rick Jones on the credit reserve model. Anita Dupont is setting up a meet with Rick Jones to discuss  these. Vince & Bill -  if you want to join the meeting, please let me or Anita know.

Regards,
Krishna.
 
Richard B Jones@EES
04/10/2001 04:16 PM
 
Richard B Jones
03/23/2001 05:53 PM
Hi everyone,

I have run the model and, along with the contract briefs I have some questions & ideas. I was hoping to talk to each of you so I could avoid writing this detailed, one-sided e-mail, but with our schedules being so exclusive, this will have to do for now.

Every deal has its own model because of the commodity deal structure complexity. So no aggregate results can be obtained without having the models for each contract. However, the JC Penny's version can serve as a testing platform for some of the items I am mentioning below. I have not talked to the people in research who are the most knowledgeable about the model, so some of these comments may be mute points. I plan to do that went I get back. 

1)	Since the credit risk is developed for a time period, it makes sense to regularly update the commodity data (and credit rating if its chaged) and re-run the model for the time remaining.  I would expect this is done already.

2)	The default probabilities seem not to change. That is, if the input credit rating is E1, then the E1 default probability curve is used for the contract period. For annual accounting that seems OK, but in MTM, it seems to me that the credit analysis needs to take into consideration the credit rating transition probabilities.  That is, the credit implications of companies changing their credit rating during the contract period. with some constraints imposed by actually slow credits appear to change would give a more realistic view of our credit risk in the MTM world.

3)	Are all "defaults" created equal to us? Look at OC. It seems to me that the data used to develop the default probabilities are over different business segments and are OK ----for that range of companies. However, we are dealing with specific types of firms where "default" may not mean we do not get paid. Sure we still have some credit risk, but it's not like Montgomery Ward's where the lights are being turned off for good. Energy is so fundamental for a company's success and default actions can be used as a way to save a company albeit in a different form.  So financial default does not neccesarily mean default for EES commodity payments totally.

4)	A while back someone said to me that may, maybe the people who reach for a life preserver are more likely to live than those that don't. By that I mean that, perhaps our use of these default probabilities actually overstates the credit risk in that if a company has at least enough proactive vision to contract EES, then they are more likely to improve that one that doesn't. This is a type of behavioral variable that the data doesn't consider. This would be a useful MBA project to examine these types of corporate variables and compare it to their credit rating forward curve.

5)	This leads me to something I hope we can acomplish in the special finance team. The contract briefs are, to me, the begimnning of this exercise.  If we can combine our customers into "exposure group portfolios" (for lack of a better term), where a group has similar "risk characteristics" beyind the current parameter set, that we define, then this offers a potential to shop some of these exposure to specialized insurance markets.

6)	A technical point. Monte Carlo simulations are numerical experiments. Besides the model assumptions, numerical experiments have three inherent error attributes; the number of trials, numerical roundoff, and random number generator randomness statistical properties. The first two are not a problem in this application but the last one could be. Has anyone examined the effect of using different random number generators on Enron's aggregate credit risk?

7)	There is one last point here. For most of the above points, the "improved" analysis could make the credit risk be higher. 

Rick 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

I'll attend in person. Tx Rick

Please let me know as soon as possible if you can attend this meeting in person or if you want to call-in.  I will provide the call-in number.

Thanks.

Rosie

I think they will get the point. Rick

I don't think the emails are a waste of time but I do think the effort at EES is a waste of time.

Bill

I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time. Lets get risks into books, risk systems working, options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads. Rick

Rick/Vince,

Should this not be a Credit/Research initiative while the business unit focuses on originating good economic transactions?  Not to be complaining, but shouldn't EES be focusing on infrastructure issues rather than waste resources on a project we are already moving forward on?  You can't run a portfolio model, unless you have deals in a risk system!  How complex do we want these MODELS to be?  Behavioral implications on credit default?  They still don't seem to understand.

Regards,
Bill

Mark - please attend.  You may want to include Martin to help EES understand the complexity of their deals.

Comments from Rick Jones on the credit reserve model. Anita Dupont is setting up a meet with Rick Jones to discuss  these. Vince & Bill -  if you want to join the meeting, please let me or Anita know.

Regards,
Krishna.
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Richard B Jones@EES
04/10/2001 04:16 PM
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Richard B Jones
03/23/2001 05:53 PM
Hi everyone,

I have run the model and, along with the contract briefs I have some questions & ideas. I was hoping to talk to each of you so I could avoid writing this detailed, one-sided e-mail, but with our schedules being so exclusive, this will have to do for now.

Every deal has its own model because of the commodity deal structure complexity. So no aggregate results can be obtained without having the models for each contract. However, the JC Penny's version can serve as a testing platform for some of the items I am mentioning below. I have not talked to the people in research who are the most knowledgeable about the model, so some of these comments may be mute points. I plan to do that went I get back. 

1)	Since the credit risk is developed for a time period, it makes sense to regularly update the commodity data (and credit rating if its chaged) and re-run the model for the time remaining.  I would expect this is done already.

2)	The default probabilities seem not to change. That is, if the input credit rating is E1, then the E1 default probability curve is used for the contract period. For annual accounting that seems OK, but in MTM, it seems to me that the credit analysis needs to take into consideration the credit rating transition probabilities.  That is, the credit implications of companies changing their credit rating during the contract period. with some constraints imposed by actually slow credits appear to change would give a more realistic view of our credit risk in the MTM world.

3)	Are all "defaults" created equal to us? Look at OC. It seems to me that the data used to develop the default probabilities are over different business segments and are OK ----for that range of companies. However, we are dealing with specific types of firms where "default" may not mean we do not get paid. Sure we still have some credit risk, but it's not like Montgomery Ward's where the lights are being turned off for good. Energy is so fundamental for a company's success and default actions can be used as a way to save a company albeit in a different form.  So financial default does not neccesarily mean default for EES commodity payments totally.

4)	A while back someone said to me that may, maybe the people who reach for a life preserver are more likely to live than those that don't. By that I mean that, perhaps our use of these default probabilities actually overstates the credit risk in that if a company has at least enough proactive vision to contract EES, then they are more likely to improve that one that doesn't. This is a type of behavioral variable that the data doesn't consider. This would be a useful MBA project to examine these types of corporate variables and compare it to their credit rating forward curve.

5)	This leads me to something I hope we can acomplish in the special finance team. The contract briefs are, to me, the begimnning of this exercise.  If we can combine our customers into "exposure group portfolios" (for lack of a better term), where a group has similar "risk characteristics" beyind the current parameter set, that we define, then this offers a potential to shop some of these exposure to specialized insurance markets.

6)	A technical point. Monte Carlo simulations are numerical experiments. Besides the model assumptions, numerical experiments have three inherent error attributes; the number of trials, numerical roundoff, and random number generator randomness statistical properties. The first two are not a problem in this application but the last one could be. Has anyone examined the effect of using different random number generators on Enron's aggregate credit risk?

7)	There is one last point here. For most of the above points, the "improved" analysis could make the credit risk be higher. 

Rick 

This is the site. http://www.meredith-hd.com/bikeweek.htm

It refers to other sites. Rick

Attached is the list Karen gave me for the PRC members. Seems like a long list. Can we shorten?  If not I guess it is ok, it will just take longer and be harder to reach consensus. Rick
---Draft---The dates available for the RAC Mid-Year PRC are June 20, 21 beginning at 8:00 a.m.

RAC Committee List:
Rick Buy
William Bradford 
Debbie Brackett
Tanya Rohauer
Tom Moran
Ken Curry
Denise Furey
Rick Carson
Donna Lowry
Dave Gorte
Brad Larson
Randy Petersen
Chip Schneider
Michael Tribolet
Ted Murphy
Tim Davies
Olivier Herbelot
Dave Port
Cassandra Schultz
Vlady Gorny
Rudi Zipter
Bjorn Hagelmann
Naveen Andrews
Mark Ruane
24

Better get after this quickly. Are we working on this already? Rick

The Red Rock expansion needs to get  approval at the May 1st Board meeting.  The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval . Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval.  By this memo, I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda.

I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings.  If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them.  It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting.  I will check with Jeff to see if he wants a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself.

This is a good article, on balance. Interesting how utilities have charged the highest rates. Tx, Rick

From the Seattle Times
(seattletimes.com)

Energy costs soak City Light
by Jim Brunner <mailto:jbrunner@seattletimes.com>
Seattle Times staff reporter
Seattle City Light spent a record $92 million buying power on the market in
March, more than any month in its 91-year history.
City Light officials say the cost of buying power for local residents and
businesses eclipsed the previous records - $84 million set in February and
nearly $80 million in January.
To put that in perspective: In 1999, before the current power crisis, the
utility's total power bill for the entire year was $90 million. "We're
spending that every month now. The dollars that are involved are
staggering," said Paula Green, deputy superintendent of City Light.
It's a cash hemorrhage brought on by Washington's drought, which means less
water in the reservoirs at city-owned dams. That increases Seattle's need to
purchase electricity on a market where prices have zoomed to unprecedented
levels.
Adding to the frustration for Seattle city officials is the fact that most
of that money is flowing to out-of-state utilities and power brokers who are
profiting enormously from the energy crunch.
Last month alone, the bill from Enron, a Houston-based corporation, was
$25.5 million, putting it well ahead of the No. 2 seller, California's
Sempra Energy, which sold $7.4 million worth of electricity to City Light.
City Light still gets most of the 1,200 megawatts necessary to serve its
load from city-owned dams and from its contract with the Bonneville Power
Administration (BPA). The utility buys only about 15 percent of its power on
the market. But that thin slice now accounts for more than 90 percent of its
power costs.
Part of the explanation for March's record power-buying binge was City
Light's recent decision to store up extra water behind Ross Dam on the
Skagit River instead of spilling it through the dam's power turbines.
In a normal water year, City Light officials would be spilling water for
energy and expecting it would be replaced with spring runoff. Now, they're
saving the water so it can be spilled later to help salmon runs and to
generate power for Seattle this summer, when energy prices are expected to
surge even higher, to more than $400 per megawatt hour.
"We're insulating ourselves. By putting out one eye now, we're avoiding
cutting off our head later," said Bob Royer, City Light spokesman.
Seattle ratepayers are feeling the pain, with a 28 percent City Light rate
increase so far this year. More rate increases are likely on the way.
Higher rates have also led to plant closures and layoffs in Bellingham and
Spokane.
Meanwhile, Enron's revenues more than doubled last year, to $101 billion.
Its stock prices surged to end the year at $88 a share, up from $44 the year
before. The stock was trading at $57 a share last week.
"It doesn't just feel unfair, but immoral that these major companies like
Enron are making billions of dollars at the expense of everyday people and
businesses," said City Councilwoman Heidi Wills, who chairs the Council's
Energy and Environmental Policy Committee.
"There's this enormous transfer of wealth from our ratepayers to the
shareholders of these companies," Wills said.
Northwest leaders have called for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
to impose price caps. But opponents say price caps would do nothing to
encourage the construction of new power plants, or energy conservation.
Karen Denne, an Enron spokeswoman, said it's unfair to fault the company for
selling power at prices dictated by the free market. "Enron is providing
electricity to a market that needs it," Denne said. "It's unfortunate when
regulators are pointing fingers, looking to fix blame, when this is a
problem of supply and demand."
The company hails from President George W. Bush's home state of Texas, and
is one of the top "soft money" donors to political campaigns. Enron and its
executives gave $435,000 to the Democrats and $1.2 million to Republicans
last year, according to Common Cause.
Its chairman, Kenneth Lay, has consistently been one of the top donors to
Bush's presidential and gubernatorial campaigns.
Enron doesn't own a lot of dams or power plants. Instead, the company makes
money as a middleman - buying power from utilities and then reselling it for
a profit. The company, formed in 1985 from the merger of two pipeline
companies, has become the largest trader of wholesale electricity in North
America.
Part of its success in the energy market stems from its groundbreaking use
of the Internet to make buying electricity as easy as ordering a book
online. You just point, click and spend.
"It's easier than Amazon," said Steve Lewis, a power marketer with City
Light, demonstrating the company's Web site. It lists available power
"products" and the asking price for both buyers and sellers.
Lewis and other power marketers monitor City Light's projected power needs
and then use the phone or Internet to schedule electricity for the next
hour, next day or months ahead. They try to find the best price available,
but it's clearly a sellers' market.
Utilities routinely buy power that used to cost $30 per megawatt hour for
more than $200. At times last month, City Light was buying power for $450 a
megawatt hour. And it's not because the cost of generation has gone up.
"This is pure profit," said Green, deputy superintendent of City Light.
There is evidence that the Northwest is in some ways being hit even harder
than California, whose experiment with deregulation is blamed for roiling
the power markets. A recent analysis found that Pacific Northwest utilities
are paying the highest prices in the nation for the next-day delivery of
wholesale power.
However, regional utilities also sell power for extraordinarily high prices.
In fact, some of the highest average prices paid by City Light last month
were to neighbors.
Puget Sound Energy, Western Washington's largest electric utility, charged
City Light the highest average price of any seller last month, at $303 per
megawatt hour, according to City Light's preliminary billing estimates.
Spokane's Avista Energy charged $281.
That compares with Enron's average price of $173 per megawatt hour and an
overall average of $194.
The BPA, by comparison, charges City Light $22 per megawatt hour.
City Light typically relies on local utilities more when it needs power
delivered immediately. And prices for short-term deals can be higher
depending on the time of day. The city has only a long-term contract with
the BPA.
Despite the record-setting month, city officials hope they'll be in better
shape before the year is out. Mayor Paul Schell has taken to calling Oct. 1
Seattle's "energy independence day" because that's when the city will begin
receiving more hydroelectric power under a new contract with the BPA.
The historically cheap BPA power, combined with a contract with a gas-fired
power plant in Klamath Falls, Ore., should reduce the city's reliance on the
open market, city officials say.
But the BPA, too, has been stricken by higher market power costs and may
have to increase its rates to City Light by 250 percent. The City Council
has already agreed to pass those higher costs on to Seattle ratepayers
although it's unclear how much that would raise the bill of the average
person.
Even at a higher rate, City Light officials regard the BPA power as a good
long-term strategy for getting power costs under control. If they succeed,
the rate increases approved this year could eventually be rescinded.
Until then, local ratepayers will have to keep writing bigger checks to City
Light with the knowledge that some of their money will find its way to
Texas.
Jim Brunner can be reached at 206-515-5628.

How does this list sound for committee.

Bradford
Brackett
Rohauer
Carson
Lowry
Gorte
Petersen
Murphy
Davies
Herbelot
Port
Schultz
Ruane
Buy
Heathman

Let me know. Tx. Rick

Good ideas. I want to meet with all groups soon to see how progress is going. Will start scheduling soon. Rick

Since the Gas Trading and Gas Origination RAC Groups have identical RAC members (primary business contacts are different), the group(s) decided to combine.
Primarily the same types of issues - Fewer meetings

Also, with Mark Bonney handling O&G  from Investment Valuation, he has replaced Jeff Soo on these teams.

On the subject of developing our three most serious issues, all groups are making progress or are complete. 
You may (not) want to see them !

Dick Foster is a consultant to the Board of Directors who works for Mckenzie. Each BOD meeting he wants to meet with a group and we are on the list. I talked to Rebecca Carter and suggested we present him the bank presentation and she thought that was a good idea. Please make yourself available for this. Ted - if you can stay an extra day it would be helpful but not essential if you need to get back. Let me know. Tx Rick
Rick, the meeting with Dick Foster and Rebecca Carter will be held on Wednesday, May 2nd beginning at 9:00 a.m. and ending at 11:00 a.m. in 50MDining. Please notify the attendees in your group. Thanks, Kelly

fyi
Bridget:

Please set up a 1/2 hour meeting and invite Rick Buy and Michael Kopper.

Hello Andy.

It's been a long time since we talked, but I trust that things are well with
you and Lea.

The reason for my email is that my business partners Sunil Hirani and Dik
Blewitt are going to be in Houston visiting with Ken Lay at 10:30 A.M. on
Wednesday.  I think that you would find their business (trading credit risk)
to be of interest, and I know they would like to meet you.

Would you have any time on your calendar for lunch or for an introduction
during the afternoon?

Briefly,  Sunil is the co-founder of creditex, a the credit derivatives
trading platform that the market has adopted as the e-market for credit
derivatives.  Dik is Chief Strategic Officer of creditex.

My relationship with Dik and Sunil comes from our shared interest in trading
syndicated loans.  creditex and I have co-founded LoanX, Inc., to do for the
loan market what creditex has done for the credit derivatives market.

Sorry for the out-of-the blue email, but I look forward to catching up with
you in the future.

I've copied Sunil and Dik to facilitate any schedule coordination that might
be possible.

My best to Lea.

Mike
michael.rushmore@loanx.com
312-282-7777 (cell)
LoanX, Inc.
125 S. Wacker STE 1150
Chicago, IL 60606

I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well. 

I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.

Thanks, Rick

Probably can't on Monday. Have a great trip. Rick

can you do lunch on monday?  if not, i will be gone on holiday - paris.  so,  then how about the week of 1/21? 

joan 

Sally- got your voice mail as well. Don't want to create more meetings. Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk. I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified. It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested. I need to hear what the nature of the problems are. Some I know like ees, metals, uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here. No need for you to attend. I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all! Rick

Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues".  My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum.   --Sally 

I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well. 

I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.

Thanks, Rick

Recall that Jeff had several requests when we met with him. I asked you to write them down. Did you? Have we done all of them? Can you give me an update? Tx Rick

good

Yes I did
Yes we have
I'm cranking power point right now - putting it all together
Can give update later this pm
DP 

Recall that Jeff had several requests when we met with him. I asked you to write them down. Did you? Have we done all of them? Can you give me an update? Tx Rick

Why are we paying someone to do this? I think we should transfer Keith to credit full time and put his analysis capabilities to use. Rick
CS First Boston with a 12-month target price on ENE of $110 / share.  Increase in 2002 EPS estimate to $2.25 / share - 2001 estimate maintained at $1.80 / share.

 

B of A attachment discusses the 19 - 1 vote yesterday in the Senate Finance Committee in favor of repealing PUHCA.  Also brief reference to the IPO yestereday of Aquilla Energy ("ILA") a unit of gas and electricity company, UtiliCorp United Inc. ("UCU").  The stock priced at the high end of its range - $24 / share ($21 - $23 was mentioned in the prospectus) and traded as high as $29.00 intraday, before closing at $27.85.  With roughly 100 MM shares outstanding (17.5 MM in the float) the market cap is ballpark $2.8 billion.  The offering was led by Merrill and Lehman and was oversubscribed around 10x.   

 

We have submitted your request for $30 million of UK Power VAR to the Board for approval. I thought about this issue a lot before doing so because I don't feel we are fully in control of the infrastructure there and a large limit can add to the danger. My understanding is that there is an IT and backoffice effort underway to improve this situation and it needs to have focus to complete. Please keep the pressure on over there to get the infrastructure where it needs to be. Thanks, Rick

Is this the deal you referenced at the exec comm (B) meeting ? Or is there another one. I asked my guys to check if we had seen deal. Rick

The paper transaction you asked about in the staff meeting is with E.W. Scripps Company, S&P rated A/stable.  The deal has not been signed and the contract is still being negotiated.  We gave the marketers a preliminary approval based on the existing credit threshold of $10 million.  We have not valued the exposure or credit reserve since we do not have final transaction details.  
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
      Ken

fyi, they forgot you! rick

Date:  Friday, April 27, 2001
Time:  2:30 - 3:00 p.m.
Location:  EB38C1
Participants:  Lisa Mellencamp, Michael Tribolet, Rick Buy, Steve Kean
Topic:  PG&E

My vote would be to initiate a claim, as I want to see if it works and how much hassle is involved. We should have a meeting to get everyone's view. I will get Karen to set up. Tx Rick
(Karen- please set up a half hour mtg w/ Causey, Bill, Glisan and Jeff Hodge. Time sensitive so we need in next couple days. Tx Rick
Rick/Ben/Rick,

We need to decide whether we want to make a claim under our Portfolio Credit Insurance policy for the Pacific Gas & Electric Company financial swaps claim (approximately $74mm).  The policy gives us 30 days from the date of the bankruptcy to give notice of the claim.  The deadline is May 6, 2001.

It is not anticipated that any claim will mitigate any income loss as the portfolio credit reserve will increase by a similar amount to our claim.  All benefits from the insurance have already been recognized from previous releases from the portfolio credit reserve.  All recoveries in bankruptcy will passed to the insurance underwriters if we decide to make the claim.

Please advise of your thoughts or if it would be helpful to set up a meeting to discuss in more detail.

Regards,
Bill

Bill-I asked Joe to put this together. fyi, Rick. Fwd to Molly
Rick, here are a number of the items I look for in the contract while evaluating whether it is a candidate for monetization. Many of these characteristics will be in the contract by definition but a number of these items can tend to be inconsistent across contracts. For maximum funding efficiency, the more homogenous the pool, the better.

1. Clear events of default and prescribed remedies.
2. Clear definition of termination events and process to terminate.
3. Clear liquidated damages provisions upon termination.
4. Firm quantity - take or pay type. We can monetize a requirements contract but will receive a haircut on the value of the deal.
5. Demand charges/index premium contracts easier to monetize. Fixed price contracts require liquid hedging points to lock in the monetizable value.
6. Clear definition of force majeure and permitted duration before contract either continues with LDs or terminates due to frustration.
7. Availability of Business Interruption Insurance to cover losses during a FM event.
8. Regulatory Outs Provisions - Prefer none.
9. Severability clearly defined within the contract.
10. Firm tenor - lenders lack of appetite for a term contract with annual evergreen provisions. If they are not legally obligated, little if any value.
11. Volumetric Take Requirements - Are there make-up provisions for volumes paid for but not taken. If the counterparty didn't purchase the annual minimum, is there an immediate LD payment or does the party have three months for instance to make-up the deficiency.
12. Ability to assign the receivables for financing purposes. Even better if we can assign the contract itself as security.
13. Who is the credit? Is there credit support? Is it capped?
14. Netting provisions. Prefer to have no netting or right of set-off to isolate the payment stream from the Enron estate. Typically, not possible and Enron has to indemnify for set-off claims.
15. Prepayment provisions - Does the counterparty have the right to unilaterally early terminate? Monetization may incur make-whole damages upon a prepayment. Can we pass this cost through as a "break" cost of early unwind.

This is my quick cheat sheet of items I screen for. I've asked a few others to give me their thoughts as well and will append to the list. Thanks.

thanks for the note. these events aren't cheap so it is nice to know they are worth while to some. rick

Rick,

Thank you for inviting us to the happy hour yesterday. I had the opportunity to know 3 new people and cultivated the friendship that I have made with other peers here at RAC.

I also want to thank Karen Heathman and Rita Hennessy. The food and the whole environment was great.

Felipe Ibarra
713-345-4101

Be happy to spend some time with them. Am around all weekend if need be. Rick

Today, the Euros are coming and John is going to be running this negotiation - here's the bad news they are not coming until 3:30pm today so we may have to work late.

Barry Tycholiz will be running this team. Barry - talk to Andy on form if you need help - you will also need to think about getting some traders available over week-end.

The Schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions/presentations  and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows:

It may be better to split up earlier but I leave all those decisions to Andy.  

4:00		Introduction			John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen
4:45		Financial Overview		Wes Colwell
5:15		Risk Overview			Buy / Port
5:45		Credit				Bradford
6:15		Back Office			Beck/Hall	
6:45		Systems (EnronOnline)		Jay Webb	
7:15	            Mid/Back Office Systems	Jay Webb
			Infrastructure			Jenny Rub

		
Please make yourselves available - the meetings will take place in 2991

Tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc on John's card.

Tammie - please check availability.

Thanks for your continued understanding.

Louise

these files are password protected. what is this for? rick

FYI. 

I will review weekly and highlight any items of interest in our weekly update meeting.

 << File: Americas Trading.xls >>  << File: Assts_Invts.xls >>  << File: EarningsSumExpdetail.xls >>  << File: EEL Trading.xls >>  << File: EES Trading.xls >>  << File: EGM Trading.xls >>  << File: EIM Trading.xls >>  << File: ENW Trading.xls >>  << File: Expenses.xls >>  << File: Headcount.xls >>  << File: Origination.xls >> 

Thanks
Mary Kay

why?

This week's Market Risk Training has been cancelled.

Thanks,
Rita

fyi- rick
 

 

<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>
<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>

fyi

Rick, attached is the cover letter and resume I promised you.

  
 - Rick Buy 050401.doc 
 - BStR Resume 04042001.doc 

Blaise- I have distributed your resume internally to a couple places. We have no people needs right now, (just the opposite), but maybe one of the other groups does. Will let you know if anything pops. Rick

Rick, attached is the cover letter and resume I promised you.

  
 - Rick Buy 050401.doc << File: Rick Buy 050401.doc >> 
 - BStR Resume 04042001.doc << File: BStR Resume 04042001.doc >> 

Since you are in charge of career development- I want to be President, soon=
. Seriously, you should probably meet with me or some of the group leaders =
in RAC so you have a clear picture (in case you don't) of what we do. I'd b=
e happy to meet with you as would Dave Gorte. Let me know if this would be =
valuable for you. Tx Rick

I just wanted to take a moment to personally invite each of you to particip=
ate in the e-Speak session this Thursday, May 10 at 10:00 am (CDT).  If you=
 have questions that you'd like to submit in advance, you can do so by visi=
ting e-Speak on the Enron homepage.

I also wanted to take this opportunity to provide you with an update on wha=
t's happening within the Program.  Since assuming my new role at the beginn=
ing of April, I've been focusing my efforts on meeting with Enron's busines=
s unit leaders, and with as many Analysts and Associates as possible.  Thes=
e activities underscore my priorities in managing the Program - a very stro=
ng alignment with Enron's businesses, and frequent / informal communication=
.

Some of the specific items that we're focused on as a result of your feedba=
ck, and that will be communicated in coming weeks include:
improvements to the PRC process which are in the final stages of developmen=
t with the business units,
recruiting goals and strategies for the 2001 recruiting season,
a series of floor meetings beginning today to visit informally with partici=
pants in the Program,
an updated social schedule that places a priority on interaction among Anal=
ysts and Associates, as well as with the business leaders of Enron.

I'm excited that Traci Warner and Ted Bland have joined our team in the Wes=
tern Hemisphere to lead Recruiting and Career Development respectively.  To=
gether, they bring almost 20 years of Enron business unit experience, and i=
n the case of Traci - experience as an Associate in the Program.  Anna Jans=
son continues to do an outstanding job leading the Eastern Hemisphere Progr=
am, and has been an great source of new ideas. =20

When I joined Enron in 1992, there were about 25 Analysts and Associates co=
mbined, sitting in one group on the 30th floor.  Today, we have over 700 fu=
ture Innovators and Leaders of Enron in offices around the world.  This Pro=
gram has been, and will continue to be our most important source of new tal=
ent.  I'm very proud to have been asked to take this role, and I look forwa=
rd to working with each of you.

Billy Lemmons

The city buys power? Has PA been downgraded due to dot com flops? Rick

Please note the following addition to the domestic credit reserve for May 2001:

CP:  City of Palo Alto
Enron Entity:  EPMI
Deal #:  605356.1
Deal Specifics:  EPMI Sale
Term:  6/1/2001 thru 1/31/2005
Delivery Point:  NP-15 (Firm CAISO Energy)
Volume:  25MW, 7X24; 804,600 nominal MWh)
Price:  $95.00
Trader/Mid-Marketer:  Bob Badeer/Stewart Rosman
Credit Reserve Amount:  $185,000 (one hundred eighty-five thousand USD)

RAC:  Deal confirmed under new EEI Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement w/margin rights.

Please let me know if you have any questions to the above.

Regards,
Tracy Ngo
503-464-8755

Good job! Reserve is low, historically speaking. Rick

Please note the following addtion to the EPMI credit reserve:

Counterparty:  	Old Dominion Electric Cooperative
Deal No:  	602668
Deal Date:	5/4/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale
Term:		9/1/01 to 12/31/03
Volume:	50MW/h Flat (7x24)
Delivery Point:	PJM
Fixed Price:	$35.50
Marketer:	Oscar Dalton

Credit Reserve:	$87,000.00

Please call with any comments or questions.

Rgds,
Ed Sacks
x5-7712

I will think about it. We are achieving the correct outcome here but the timing is off. Concentrate on Caulfield and Oman. Get Brown involved to make sure we get those guys. Use Ene options as a currency to entice them. Upside much better than Chase/JP. Just a thought. Rick

Rick
I am obviously at pretty close to an all-time low in my most recent career  at Enron. I need to talk to you about where this is going. I would appreciate it if you would think about this over the weekend and I will schedule some time to discuss with you next week.
Ted

Ted, my comments are indicated below.

Rick,
Amongst my concerns are:
	The budget calls for 54 heads to do the job in EEL-RAC. There are currently 31 with 3 offers on the table on 5/14.
	There was absolutely no on going recruiting effort here, therefore I have to start from scratch.
	The heads that are here are junior at best with little or no Enron or management experience.
	There is such a dearth of senior people here that there are almost no people to screen resumes or interview candidates
	There is no understanding of the role of RAC in Enron Europe.
[Buy, Rick]  
Agree, you are supposed to fix all of the above!
	The IT platform and operational problems put the risk management activities of our group back 3 years at least.
[Buy, Rick]  Agree this is an issue. 
	The Houston based RAC group (primarily credit) is provincial, uncooperative and boring.
[Buy, Rick]  At least they are in their seats working. Maybe you should send Rod back since he is a part of the Houston bore core. You have failed to build consensus in your credit initiative. Without buy-in it is almost impossible to implement change at Enron
	In addition to losing net 9 bodies here, the Market Risk group in Houston lost 4 and is poised to lose several more because of  
		disappointment  with the opportunity set within RAC.
[Buy, Rick]  I find it curious that our primary problem with turnover is in Houston Market Risk and London. Linkage?? If people aren't satisfied for the right reasons, they should leave. There is all kind of opportunity in RAC. People are going all over the world and doing different things. We have people in Portland, Sydney, Calgary, London. People have left the group and done well as well. We offer lifetime career satisfaction guarantees to no one. 
	We are uncompetitive with respect to all-in compensation, title, and resources to do the job as evidenced by an inability to recruit good talent.
[Buy, Rick]  Disagree. We did an extensive study last year and adjusted everyone that needed adjustment. It is difficult to recruit. It is one of the hardest things to do in management. It requires salesmanship, good timing and closing ability, especially when a group is in turmoil.
	I can rebuild this group but it is going to take longer than anyone thought because of poor previous management.
	Finally, I am trouble finding my own motivation.  I believe that I continue to do a good job for the firm yet I do not feel that I am recognized for the effort.
[Buy, Rick]  Memos, and other ill thought out outbursts like this are precisely why you are not recognized.
	This painful rebuilding process does nothing to make me smarter, more valuable or more interesting excep through a fairly monumental physical 			and emotional effort on my part.	
[Buy, Rick]  I would look at it as an opportunity to turn around a segment of the company that needs help which is precisely why you were sent to London. I don't particularly care what it does for Ted Murphy.

In  summary here, unless you had just a really bad day, you oght to consider an alternative assignment either in Enron or outside. You were sent to London to fix a problem the organization has. You are lucky in that there is agreement that there is a problem and resources are available ($) to fix them. This is not unlike Joe Gold taking over metals, or Delaney taking over EES. Big mess, needs fixing. People that do this are usually recognized.

[Buy, Rick]  You may want to discuss this tomorrow.   I'm fairly open. 
 Rick
I am interested in your commments
Ted

I will think about it. We are achieving the correct outcome here but the timing is off. Concentrate on Caulfield and Oman. Get Brown involved to make sure we get those guys. Use Ene options as a currency to entice them. Upside much better than Chase/JP. Just a thought. Rick

Rick
I am obviously at pretty close to an all-time low in my most recent career  at Enron. I need to talk to you about where this is going. I would appreciate it if you would think about this over the weekend and I will schedule some time to discuss with you next week.
Ted

David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this. Tx Rick

Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.

Thanks 

Cc:     Lavorato, John 
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.

The main areas to focus on over the next week are:- 

(i)     Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)                               To be forwarded to Louise       
        These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.  

        The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.     
(ii)    Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)                                                To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
        First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) 
(iii)   Seating Plans                                                           Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate 
        We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.

        I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.

(iv)    Due Diligence 
        We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.

I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.

Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.

If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out. 

Happy New Year 

Louise 

I am on the Board of Mariner and attended a Board meeting last week discussing company. They are looking as good as I've seen them since the inception of the deal. It might be a good time to consider selling. Probably still couldn't get it off at book but closer than ever before. Just a thought. (As if you didn't have anything else to do.) Rick

As with muni bonds, it is nice to be able to just raise taxes to cover your costs. (Unless you are the taxpayer). Tx for update, Rick

Rick,

The muni's in CA have had the ability to purchase power out in the market since they never signed on to CA's deregulation plan in '98.  Initially, the rating agencies were bullish on the IOU's and bearish on the munis assuming that the munis would not get the benefit of recovering stranded costs in a timely manner.  However, as we've seen lately with all of the turmoil in CA, their perspectives have changed.  Also, Palo Alto's affluent customer base is 1/3 local and 2/3 commuters and is mainly comprised of schools including Stanford University and the Palo Alto School District.  Palo Alto in fact has one of the lowest unemployment rates in Santa Clara County.

We are basing our credit terms in all of the trading contracts to reflect the following:

-that we can only go to the proprietary 'enterprise' funds s.a. electric, gas and water funds for recourse and NOT the general fund
-the debt covenants tied to the utility revenue bonds reflect the net revenue pledge allocation of those enterprise funds to service the annual DS
-Palo Alto overall has minimal debt levels and the fact that the majority of the assets in the funds are comprised of rate stabilization fund reserves
-inclusion of Palo Alto's ability to raise rates sufficient to cover operating costs and annual DS as a MAC (I truly value this covenant)
-tiered margining lines based on S&P and Moody's ratings

Hope that helps.

Tracy

The city buys power? Has PA been downgraded due to dot com flops? Rick

Please note the following addition to the domestic credit reserve for May 2001:

CP:  City of Palo Alto
Enron Entity:  EPMI
Deal #:  605356.1
Deal Specifics:  EPMI Sale
Term:  6/1/2001 thru 1/31/2005
Delivery Point:  NP-15 (Firm CAISO Energy)
Volume:  25MW, 7X24; 804,600 nominal MWh)
Price:  $95.00
Trader/Mid-Marketer:  Bob Badeer/Stewart Rosman
Credit Reserve Amount:  $185,000 (one hundred eighty-five thousand USD)

RAC:  Deal confirmed under new EEI Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement w/margin rights.

Please let me know if you have any questions to the above.

Regards,
Tracy Ngo
503-464-8755

looks good to me. jeff may want to just sign deals quickly without explanation as he does often on dashes. rick

As a followup to our meeting last week, I would appreciate your reviewing the attached before I finalize and send out.
Thanks.
Jordan

 << File: Jeff Skilling.doc >> 

Darlene C Forsyth
EGF - Legal Department
EB 2080
713-853-7254
713-646-3229 (Fax)

do you want to talk to this lady? i don't. rick
Dear Mr Buy,

I have tried on a number of occasions to get hold of you by telephone, but
have now been advised by one of your colleagues to send an email instead.

Briefly, I work for a company here in London called RK Analytics which
undertakes consulting projects for clients in the financial arena.

In this instance, my client is a major player in commodity-related risk
management products.  My client is hoping to determine how it can better
improve the service it offers to entities such as Enron, and in order to do
this it has commissioned my services to conduct interviews with a number of
its clients (or potential clients).

To date, we've been lucky enough to have the cooperation of everyone we've
approached and I was therefore hoping that you yourself might be prepared to
answer some questions for me (bearing in mind that your answers would be
treated in confidence).

Please don't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.
Otherwise, I attach herewith a questionnaire and would be most grateful if
we could find an opportunity to discuss this further over the next days.

I appreciate your time and consideration,

Kind regards,

Naomi Driver
Director
RK Analytics
St Michael's House
1 George Yard
Lombard Street
LONDON EC3V 9DF
Tel: 0207-626-1223
Fax: 0207-626-1224

 - ClientQ.doc 

No interest in participating. As you can imagine Enron gets a large number of similar requests and I have adopted a policy of not cooperating, purely from a time management standpoint. Sorry, Rick Buy

Dear Mr Buy,

I have tried on a number of occasions to get hold of you by telephone, but
have now been advised by one of your colleagues to send an email instead.

Briefly, I work for a company here in London called RK Analytics which
undertakes consulting projects for clients in the financial arena.

In this instance, my client is a major player in commodity-related risk
management products.  My client is hoping to determine how it can better
improve the service it offers to entities such as Enron, and in order to do
this it has commissioned my services to conduct interviews with a number of
its clients (or potential clients).

To date, we've been lucky enough to have the cooperation of everyone we've
approached and I was therefore hoping that you yourself might be prepared to
answer some questions for me (bearing in mind that your answers would be
treated in confidence).

Please don't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.
Otherwise, I attach herewith a questionnaire and would be most grateful if
we could find an opportunity to discuss this further over the next days.

I appreciate your time and consideration,

Kind regards,

Naomi Driver
Director
RK Analytics
St Michael's House
1 George Yard
Lombard Street
LONDON EC3V 9DF
Tel: 0207-626-1223
Fax: 0207-626-1224

 - ClientQ.doc << File: ClientQ.doc >> 

Can you help here? Rick
Rick,
 
Ted Murphy is chasing me up for answers on his corp allocations.  Can you provide any detail to the April allocations and why they might be more than budget?
 
The 2001 Corp allocations budget shows your name as the contact point for RAC, if this is not correct could you please provide a new contact name.  
 
Thanks in advance,
 
Rich

I will look into this. Get back to you soon Rick

Rick, do I really need to do this on an on-going basis?

Thanks for the heads up today.

Regards
Delainey
Attached is the Enron Total Trading Loss Notification for May 11, 2001.  The Office of the Chairman for Enron Americas, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Global Markets, Enron Broadband Services, Enron Energy Services, and Enron Europe is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo, signing it and returning the hard copy to Chris Abel who will forward it to RAC to obtain their signature.  

 << File: 5-11 Total Trading Loss.doc >> 

Can we discuss this? Rick
Rick, do I really need to do this on an on-going basis?

Thanks for the heads up today.

Regards
Delainey
Attached is the Enron Total Trading Loss Notification for May 11, 2001.  The Office of the Chairman for Enron Americas, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Global Markets, Enron Broadband Services, Enron Energy Services, and Enron Europe is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo, signing it and returning the hard copy to Chris Abel who will forward it to RAC to obtain their signature.  

 

No, I already told her there was no interest at Enron. No need to pursue. Rick

I think I'll decline unless it gets her off your back.
ted

do you want to talk to this lady? i don't. rick
Dear Mr Buy,

I have tried on a number of occasions to get hold of you by telephone, but
have now been advised by one of your colleagues to send an email instead.

Briefly, I work for a company here in London called RK Analytics which
undertakes consulting projects for clients in the financial arena.

In this instance, my client is a major player in commodity-related risk
management products.  My client is hoping to determine how it can better
improve the service it offers to entities such as Enron, and in order to do
this it has commissioned my services to conduct interviews with a number of
its clients (or potential clients).

To date, we've been lucky enough to have the cooperation of everyone we've
approached and I was therefore hoping that you yourself might be prepared to
answer some questions for me (bearing in mind that your answers would be
treated in confidence).

Please don't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.
Otherwise, I attach herewith a questionnaire and would be most grateful if
we could find an opportunity to discuss this further over the next days.

I appreciate your time and consideration,

Kind regards,

Naomi Driver
Director
RK Analytics
St Michael's House
1 George Yard
Lombard Street
LONDON EC3V 9DF
Tel: 0207-626-1223
Fax: 0207-626-1224

 - ClientQ.doc << File: ClientQ.doc >> 

I hate to ask you to make yet another trip. However, there is probably nothing more important right now given markets view of us as a trading company. ?Let me check w/ Despain on pulse here. Get back to you. Rick

Rick,
do you want me to participate in this meeting?
Ted
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR:

The Moody's Value At Risk Detailed Presentation will be held in New York on June 26.  

A meeting will be held in Houston the first week in June to discuss and prepare the presentations.  More details will follow.

Please let me know ASAP if you will be available for the June 26 presentations in New York.

Marion Sczykutowicz
marion.sczykutowicz@enron.com
713/853-5331
713/646-8517 (Fax)

Andy- I will be out of office until friday. My mother in law had a heart attack on new years day and I'm dealing with that but will be flying back thurs pm and in office friday. If big pig people want to talk to me specifically I'll meet with them at their office or whatever. Rick

EGM has the largest number of trading books in the company with over 500 active books and despite this you guys do the best job getting worldwide information to us in a timely and accurate fashion. (I wish I could get the rest of the company to this point). I'm told that the people referenced below have contributed in a big way to this effort. Thanks for the effort. Rick

Rick,

Following up on our discussion this morning, Scott Earnest and his staff ( including Michelle Bruce) need to be recognized for their outstanding efforts in providing timely information to Risk.

Their initiative came along about the same time Jeff Shankman took over Global Markets; it enables them to run a same day VaR for worldwide trading ( Houston, London and Singapore books are all closed in Houston ) as well as for us to to get our "official " information reliably by the the opening of business next day.

Will be out of town. Thanks anyway. Rick

Enron has purchased a table at the Houston Technology Forum for Tuesday, May 29 at the Hyatt.  Jeff Skilling will be speaking on the panel, along with Lloyd Bentsen III, Chairman of Houston Technology Center; Michael Capellas, President and CEO of Compaq Computer Corporation; and John Mendelsohn, M.D., President of U.T. M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.  Please let me know if you are interested in attending.  Details are as follows:

	The Houston Technology Forum
	Technology Trends Affecting Houston's Future
	Tuesday, May 29, 2001
	Hyatt Regency Imperial Ballroom
	10:45a - 11:30a		Registration & Networking
	11:30a - 1:30p		Luncheon & Program

	

Heard back from Tim. Please plan on attending. Port, Bradford, you and I will attend from RAC. Moody's is having trouble with our loss of $694MM that I told them when they were here. We need to start pulling together explicitly why we lost so much in one day, what the var limits were that day and what has been the experience since then. Tx Rick

Rick,
I have no problem making the trip.  I will leave it to you to consider the resources necessary to give the pitch.  I don't think there is much else that as important.  I have just finished reading the book 'When Genius Failed' about LTCM and, at the end of the day, funding positions through turmoil is almost more important than being right in the first place.  FYI, I will be in Houston on 6/21 for the prc. Originally planned to leave on 6/22.  Could stay through weekend and fly back to London thru NY.
Let me know
Ted

I hate to ask you to make yet another trip. However, there is probably nothing more important right now given markets view of us as a trading company. ?Let me check w/ Despain on pulse here. Get back to you. Rick

Rick,
do you want me to participate in this meeting?
Ted
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR:

The Moody's Value At Risk Detailed Presentation will be held in New York on June 26.  

A meeting will be held in Houston the first week in June to discuss and prepare the presentations.  More details will follow.

Please let me know ASAP if you will be available for the June 26 presentations in New York.

Marion Sczykutowicz
marion.sczykutowicz@enron.com
713/853-5331
713/646-8517 (Fax)

i would like more detail if we have it tx rick

The proposed purchase of PSI Net by EBS was officially killed by Skilling this morning.

David

David Port should be contacting you shortly. We are in a major revamp of the policy and limits etc. Has to be submitted for next Board Meeting. I don't think there is appetite for increasing overall risk in Enron (corp var) so the allocation becomes critical. Should be an interesting discussion. More to come. Rick

Rick

I would like to make the temperary VAR permanent.  I would give most to gas and some to power.  I feel like its the best place in the company for it.

Please let me know. 

John

Were we involved in transaction? Did we run any numbers. Were we at the meeting with Skilling? Was corporate development involved? Who? Rick

I spoke briefly yesterday with Brad Richter who was going to put something more formal together.  I will send that to you when I have it.

Jeff and the commercial team had different opinions about the managed hosting side of the business.  Part of EBS liked the technical capabilitiy of PSI Net and felt that this capability would allow EBS to run a managed hosting business (basically outsourcing the operation of company web sites).  Jeff did not like this business and had told EBS last week to not put any growth on this part of the business in their analysis.  

Without growth on the managed hosting part of the business, EBS needed to find $100 million/year of benefit through the acquisition.  A large part of this would have come from IP Transit which, due to its size, PSI Net would have received free through peering and which EBS currently pays for.  These saving depend a lot on hockey stick projections from EBS' current activities (although MSN would provide a large portion of this savings).  The rest of the benefit was to come through cross selling PSI Net's existing customers and new customers obtained due to the combination of their technical capability and Enron's financial capability.  This increased technical capability is diametrically opposed to Project Reset (the sale of EBS' long haul network to Qwest in return for a series of options on capacity).

PSI Net wanted a quick decision and a purchase of the whole company through a packaged bankruptcy to try and maintain staff and customers.  I have heard comments that they wanted Enron to purchase their consulting arm as well.  This group had approximately 1,000 people and held no particular interest to EBS.  I do not know whether it was the speed of the transaction, the consulting arm, the managed hosting business, or the increased technical direction that killed the transaction.

i would like more detail if we have it tx rick

The proposed purchase of PSI Net by EBS was officially killed by Skilling this morning.

David

tx, rick

My first official involvement (along with Chip)  was a meeting with Brad Richter on 5/23 to discuss the strategy and valuation approach.  This was the EBS' structuring teams introduction as well.   The model that Lehman had prepared only looked at the Managed Hosting business and had a number of questionable assumptions that were pointed out to the corporate development team.  

RAC did not prepare its own numbers.  I had more questions about strategy and understanding the different parts of the transaction.

 RAC was not invited to the meeting with Skilling.

The transaction was being run by EBS Corporate Development - Jeff Donohue was heavily involved from the start of discussions with the company.  Brad Richter, who works for Donohue, was the day to day contact at the end. 

David

Were we involved in transaction? Did we run any numbers. Were we at the meeting with Skilling? Was corporate development involved? Who? Rick

I spoke briefly yesterday with Brad Richter who was going to put something more formal together.  I will send that to you when I have it.

Jeff and the commercial team had different opinions about the managed hosting side of the business.  Part of EBS liked the technical capabilitiy of PSI Net and felt that this capability would allow EBS to run a managed hosting business (basically outsourcing the operation of company web sites).  Jeff did not like this business and had told EBS last week to not put any growth on this part of the business in their analysis.  

Without growth on the managed hosting part of the business, EBS needed to find $100 million/year of benefit through the acquisition.  A large part of this would have come from IP Transit which, due to its size, PSI Net would have received free through peering and which EBS currently pays for.  These saving depend a lot on hockey stick projections from EBS' current activities (although MSN would provide a large portion of this savings).  The rest of the benefit was to come through cross selling PSI Net's existing customers and new customers obtained due to the combination of their technical capability and Enron's financial capability.  This increased technical capability is diametrically opposed to Project Reset (the sale of EBS' long haul network to Qwest in return for a series of options on capacity).

PSI Net wanted a quick decision and a purchase of the whole company through a packaged bankruptcy to try and maintain staff and customers.  I have heard comments that they wanted Enron to purchase their consulting arm as well.  This group had approximately 1,000 people and held no particular interest to EBS.  I do not know whether it was the speed of the transaction, the consulting arm, the managed hosting business, or the increased technical direction that killed the transaction.

i would like more detail if we have it tx rick

The proposed purchase of PSI Net by EBS was officially killed by Skilling this morning.

David

thanks for heads up. i will let you know how meeting goes. rick

Rick - 

Joe Hirl is scheduled to visit the Houston office this week and I think he is trying to schedule a meeting with you.  Bill Bradford mentioned that I might want to bring you up to speed on some of the recent developments in that office. Though much of the background information is probably old news for you, there are some issues that might come up in your meeting.

As you know, Enron Japan has made the move from Power to Global Markets.  To date, Enron Japan has not submitted proposals for new  VaR limits or products, but I believe their meetings with the Houston management this week are to determine such.  I think by the end of the week, they will have a better idea of what exactly they will trade, what limits they will want trade under, the systems they will need to implement, etc.  

Last week, the commercial team discussed with me the possibilities of trading petrochemicals through  a new exchange - The Tokyo Commodities Exchange.  To jumpstart the Global Markets business, the team intends to be quite active on the exchange, trading Gasoline and Kerosene.

From a Credit perspective, we need to get a better idea of how transactions in the exchange will be managed.  The exchange is unusual in that there is not a clearinghouse.  Rather, any order we post will be matched to a specific counterparty, which could be any of 80 or so "Broker Members".  Credit risk is somewhat mitigated in that each counterparty in every trade must post an initial margin amount to be held and used to reduce default risk.  However, as far as I can tell, there will be no incremental margin call when exposure increases beyond the initial margin amount.  This has the potential of opening Enron to significant counterparty risk with counterparties with whom we might not necessarily be comfortable.  The information packet I received does vaguely discuss a "Protection Fund" that might mitigate default risk.  I will follow-up on this issue, but for now, protection is unclear.

From a market risk perspective, I will make sure the team has the appropriate approvals in place for VaR limits and products to be traded prior to transacting.  I will also make sure the right systems are in place to capture transactions, volumes, etc. - and have these aggregate into the daily RiskTrac reports.

From an Underwriting perspective, there seems to be one transaction that is worth mentioning (others are still in preliminary stages).  Jeremy Thirsk is working on a large ($40-50MM) Methanol prepay agreement with Nissho Iwai - a struggling Japanese counterparty.  Though the DASH is still being drafted, it is worth noting that this transaction not only carries significant counterparty credit risk, but the methanol purchases will take place in Indonesia  - adding operating and country risks into the equation.  Jeremy and I discussed various actions we could take to mitigate risks  - taking liens on assets, credit default swaps, insurance, and corporate supply obligation agreements.   I have not heard back from Jeremy this week, but thought you might need to know this is out there in case it comes up in your meeting with Hirl. 

The commercial team in the process of shifting gears right now, and I am not sure how long it will take for them to have things in order enough to transact.  I will keep everyone posted on their progress. Please let me know if you would like to see anything in further detail.

John  

I can meet wed pm. Can you? Call Karen to schedule. Tx Rick

meeting was postponed because whalley going to london. need next week. tx rick

They will have it for tomorrow morning's 8:30 meeting

is that ok for your meeting this week, or do you need it more quickly

will assume it is ok unless I hear otherwise

Beth

I am planning on being out all week. I will call in. I assume you will provide a number. Thanks, Rick Buy (Happy New Year)

There will be a Management Committee meeting on Wednesday, January 2, 2002 @ 11:00 a.m.   Please let me know if you will attend in person or via conference call.  

Thanks. 

Rosie 

looks good to me. rick

Rick:  Per my voicemail, attached is a draft of a letter that we might send out to set up website and PortRAC demos for execs.   Rick C.

 << File: websiteexecdemo.doc >> 

Is this who you were going to consult for? Rick

Bjorn:

Many thanks for your role in yesterday's meeting with Borden Chemical.  It was most appropriate for you to follow-up with Ed and Bob, and skillfully stick-handle the opportunity in the adept manner you did.  As we discussed, it's hard to guess what direction the company will choose to take going forward, but I believe we gave it a good shot.  I spoke with Alan, and he will call Ed and/or Bob later in the week to see what their thoughts are, given time for reflection.  If we do not hear back from Bob by mid-next week, I will call him.   

Thank you again,
skb

Looks fine to me. No comments. Rick

Please provide comments to the attached minutes by June 12th. If you approve as written, please let us know. Regards, Rebecca

 << File: 043001A.doc >> 

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

We seem to have resolved billing/account  difficulties. Would like to talk to you about setting up a system to manage cash so it can be in place and functional when I decide I have had enough of this place. Give me a call next week if you can. Thanks, Rick

Rick,

We have a $15,000 overdraft protection line in place and a $50,000 revolving line of credit. We are ready when you are. Let me know if you have any questions about your Compass Bank accounts.

Regards,

Craig

Vlady- you may have to do this for me as I will be in NYC the day before with Moody's and there is a chance I will be delayed. We should develop what we want to say together so either of us can speak. Tx Rick

Forgot to tell you to click on the "Click here to RSVP"  for a real laugh!
 
Janet R Dietrich
06/07/2001 07:03 PM
Wanted you to see what we sent out. We'll schedule Weather and Broadband in July. Thanks!
 
Cheryl Lipshutz
06/07/2001 06:09 PM
Great looking invite!!  I particularly like the click button to RSVP - very clever!

   

Sent by:	EES Distribution
The Brown Bags have experienced a successful Winter/Spring run and are taking a well-deserved summer vacation. 
While the Brown Bags are away, Janet Dietrich, EES's President, would like to present: 
 

The Summer Series will include weekly presentations from subject matter experts within Enron designed to broaden the scope of knowledge about different Enron businesses.  EES employees will have the opportunity to learn first hand about subjects such as the US Power Market, the US Gas Market, RAC, Weather Derivatives, Broadband Connectivity, Distributed Generation, DSM, Load Acquisition and Sourcing & Supply from the experts themselves.  

The Summer Series premiers on June 13 with the following scheduled presentations:

June 13 - The US Power Market with Rogers Herndon
June 20 - The US Gas Market with Hunter Shively and Chris Gaskill
June 27 - Risk Assessment and Controls with Rick Buy

Presentations will be held each Wednesday in Room 5C2 from 11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Lunches will be provided.  Attendance is by RSVP only. 
Click here  to RSVP for the series premier.

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

fyi,rick
Michael    -- as requested in this morning's meeting (Houston time)
attached below is the file which reflects the graphs that we spoke about this morning.

There were 16 errors last week for all business units(10 of which were Europe's).  An "error" in this case is usually very material, like not being able to pick up the whole UK power position and p/l.

we are tracking several Metrics to understand how Human vs IT processes are affecting the daily aggregation effort.

I am happy to discuss if you would like.

Beth x35014

It may be easier to read if you have someone print out the graphs -- the come up rather small on the screen 

 

Dave- we can act as a check on this. Be sure all underwriters are aware. Tx Rick

All mandates for mergers and acquisitions and finance work must be approved and executed by Jeff Donahue or Ben Glisan, respectively.  Please advise your business units, if appropriate, of this procedure.

This looks great. Send it out. Rick
Karen:  Here is a suggested letter for introducing the new website to RAC employees.  Please feel free to revise as RB wishes.  Regards!  Rick C.

 << File: racwebsite.doc >> 

Just between you and I, I think there may be an issue here of a couple personalities. We can't have that in your group or mine. I'll watch carefully.

On the subject of timing, we should probably have a standard to shoot for. Time to read contract, run model, review results and communicate. I'll talk to Bill about this.

On the issue of the hotline, we do not have everyone trained in running models for EES deals. We are working on getting more people up to speed. Thanks,  Rick

Hey guys, I know we're all drinking from a firehouse here, but we've got to figure out how to streamline some of our processes.  I hear it's still taking way too long to get our credit reserve numbers (i.e.- IBM- 2 1/2 days) and it really is effecting our dealflow. People know about the credit hot line # but the consistent response is that the individuals that pick up this # are of varying experience levels and they still have to clear everything through Denise anyway. Please help me on this.

Also, we have to verify our process around incorporating an evaluation on an accounts receivable (late payment) for a customer when doing a credit check. Who is responsible for this now and how does this work within ENA for example?

Let's talk on Monday. Thanks.

Will you take a stab at this w/ Hughes. Rick
Michael - can you confirm it is needed.

Pete

Help me understand why a DASH is being done for a gas contract?  The DASH process exists to approve uses of capital, not entering into a gas contract?  Am I missing something?

Attached is the latest DASH we sent to RAC (Michael Tribolet) last night.  Thanks, Fede.

 << File: GSA DASH 6-18-01.doc >> 

Find attached the legal risk memo re this matter.  I believe the DASH for the matter has been distributed by Federico Cerisoli earlier this evening.  Please call or email with any questions.

Regards,

EDD

 << File: 000004rev1a.doc >> 

Louise- Any notion of amount of risk bidders are comfy with, both credit and market? I doubt anything specific has been discussed but have any ranges been thrown out. Hope all is well. Happy New Year. Rick

Although yesterday's meeting was excellent, we do need to get a lot more detailed on the Re-start plans.  I would like everyone to have completed their re-start plans by the end of next week for mid/back office.  I realize you have all done a tremendous amount of work so far and this is what we really need to get in documentation form particularly as we may have a partner/buyer who we have not had as many detailed meetings with.

As you can see from the email below we are asking the commercial groups to do the same thing. 

Let me know if there are any issues - we are planning for a Jan 20 restart. 

Thanks 

Louise 

Cc:     Lavorato, John 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are  in progress:-

+       Infrastructure          Jenny Rub 
+       Development             Jay Webb 
+       EnronOnline             Webb / Forster 
+       HR                      David Oxley 
+       Cash Management Tom Myers 
+       Credit                  Debbie Brackett 

The rest will be completed shortly. 

We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.

Customer Side   
+       Customers               Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10) 
                                Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50) 
                                Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) 
+       Action Plan             Phase  1 Customers 
                                Phase  2 Customers 
                                Phase  3 Customers 
+       Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) 
+       Customer visit schedule 

Product Side 
+       List of Products        Phase 1 - First Week 
                                Phase 2 - First Month 
                                Phase 3 - First Quarter 

Target Number of Transactions 
+       Phase 1 
+       Phase 2 
+       Phase 3 

IT transfer 

Louise 

Jim- J Block was just a gas contract. At Enron, risk is controlled through one of two mechanisms: a book structure with approved limits and daily reporting of P&L or through a one off approval of a Dash. No risk should be taken on outside of these boundaries. Even though there is no capital, a gas contract contains market and credit risk and should be approved, providing it doesn't fit into a book. Rick

Michael - can you confirm it is needed.

Pete

Help me understand why a DASH is being done for a gas contract?  The DASH process exists to approve uses of capital, not entering into a gas contract?  Am I missing something?

Attached is the latest DASH we sent to RAC (Michael Tribolet) last night.  Thanks, Fede.

 << File: GSA DASH 6-18-01.doc >> 

Find attached the legal risk memo re this matter.  I believe the DASH for the matter has been distributed by Federico Cerisoli earlier this evening.  Please call or email with any questions.

Regards,

EDD

 << File: 000004rev1a.doc >> 

Lets discuss this. Rick
Is every contract entered into at ETS done with a DASH?  At TGS we enter into numerous transport contracts and they are not covered by a DASH?  In Central America we market our power out of the various plants and these contracts are not subject to a DASH.  Similar circumstances can be described at Promigas, Ventane, Calife, SK/Enron, Elektro and the Gas LDCs.  If what you describe is accurate, then we are not even close to compliance and the G&A investment necessary to comply will be huge.

Jim  

Jim- J Block was just a gas contract. At Enron, risk is controlled through one of two mechanisms: a book structure with approved limits and daily reporting of P&L or through a one off approval of a Dash. No risk should be taken on outside of these boundaries. Even though there is no capital, a gas contract contains market and credit risk and should be approved, providing it doesn't fit into a book. Rick

Michael - can you confirm it is needed.

Pete

Help me understand why a DASH is being done for a gas contract?  The DASH process exists to approve uses of capital, not entering into a gas contract?  Am I missing something?

Attached is the latest DASH we sent to RAC (Michael Tribolet) last night.  Thanks, Fede.

 << File: GSA DASH 6-18-01.doc >> 

Find attached the legal risk memo re this matter.  I believe the DASH for the matter has been distributed by Federico Cerisoli earlier this evening.  Please call or email with any questions.

Regards,

EDD

 << File: 000004rev1a.doc >> 

They need to post more cash. Let me know. Maybe a call to Cronin. Rick

These numbers are getting big with the runoff of commodity prices.  Somewhat of a scary predicament.
 
Bill
 

John, just wanted to give you a heads up that I will be calling you tomorrow once our curves are loaded from today.  As of today, we show that NewPower's exposure stands at approximately $66MM now that May business has rolled off.  Of course, we do have your $20MM cash collateral and the $15MM collateral threshold, but that still leaves us about $31MM short.  I have looked and it appears that approximately $14MM of the exposure is related to June Gas Sales to NewPower.  We will probably need to have you prepay June gas and post cash or an LC for the remainder based on what tomorrows report shows.  I will be in touch by late morning to discuss how to resolve.  Thanks.

Bill- fyi, Rick
The attached spreadsheet reflects your Business Unit's cash flow through June 19, 2001.

 

Billy- would like to attend but will be out of town. Rick

Attached is an invitation to the Summer Picnic this Saturday, June 23 from =
4:00-9:00 pm at the Regal Ranch.  Many of you may have already received thi=
s, but I wanted to extend my personal invitation to you.  This is a really =
fun activity, and has traditionally been one of the best opportunities to v=
isit with our Program participants on an informal basis.  This is a family =
outing with lots of activities for the kids, and you can come and go as you=
 please.

Please make an effort to attend on Saturday, even if you can only join us f=
or a little while.  Feel free to pass this invitation on to other executive=
s in your business unit.  The Analysts and Associates tell us that this typ=
e of exposure to our business leaders helps drive excitement and enthusiasm=
 within the Program.  Your support of events like this is incredibly valuab=
le, and appreciated.

If you can join us, please rsvp to Jackie Coleman by email, or at extension=
 x54070.

Thank you,
Billy

=20

more pressure. rick
The CalPERS board voted on Monday, June 18th to appoint a delegation, to be headed by San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown, to meet with chief executive officers of various energy companies (including Enron) to discuss with them CalPERS' concerns.  This action is a direct result of the continuing power crisis in California and the threat of a backlash which could lead to re-regulation of the energy industry in California, which could in turn hurt the long-term value of CalPERS' energy holdings.  CalPERS owns 2.6 million shares of Enron - less that 1/10th of 1% of the total value of CalPERS' assets and 6.2% of their total energy holdings. 

As a result of these actions, Enron and CalPERS halted their negotiations of the amendments to the JEDI II Partnership Agreement which would have expanded the investment opportunities available to JEDI II and thus funds available to various Enron business units (i.e. EBS).  Instead the partners agreed to a one year extension of the commitment period for Capital Contributions (limited to $100 million) under current Partnership Agreement terms and concurrently called a Suspension Event effective June 29, 2001.

What does this mean?  A Suspension Event prohibits any new investments being made by the JEDI II Partnership until the Suspension Event period is lifted.  We are uncertain at this point when that might be.  

I have attached below some press releases related to the issue.

If you have any questions or concerns please give me a call.

Shirley Hudler
Senior Director
Enron Global Finance
713-853-4859

 

I would like to attend this as well. Rick (Unless it would be disruptive)

Dave,

As I left on your voicemail, I would like to discuss RAC support for Enron Principal Investments.  This is really broken down into two components:  1) the current portfolio, and 2) new investments.  For now, I am most concerned about the current portfolio.  There are over 80 investments in the portfolio for which we are now responsible.  These range from a $120 million investment in publicly traded ADR's of COPEL (a Brazilian utility) to a $150,000 investment in the Creole Shack (a local Houston restaurant).  I assume that most of these positions already have a designated underwriter to the deal.

Also, I would like to have a full day review session with you, and the relevant members of your group, to discuss lessons learned from past investments and the strategy of our group going forward.  My assistant will contact you to set this up (hopefully sometime in late July).

I appreciate your help in these matters.

Thanks,

KG

do you guys think this is worthwhile? i think it might be interesting to see what others are doing. $75k rick

Based on recent discussions with several energy firms, there appears to be
interest in conducting a survey which
*	summarizes the current state of risk management best practices
within the industry, and
*	provides benchmark data addressing current levels of risk based
performance for various energy related lines of business

To respond to this interest, we would like to conduct a survey which
addresses these goals. We have prepared a proposal which outlines our
approach for conducting a survey, and provides samples of expected output. I
will be in touch sometime next week to discuss the proposal with you, and
determine your interest in participating.

I look forward to speaking with you, and potentially working with you as a
participant in this project.

 <<Benchmark_Sales_Presentation_v2.ppt>>

Thank You

Bob Young

 - Benchmark_Sales_Presentation_v2.ppt 

fyi, rick
To the Executive Committee:

Attached is a note that has been sent to our managers regarding off-site and team-building meetings.  My impression is that our commendable efforts to build transatlantic synergies are resulting in too many get-togethers that require substantial travel.  Our challenge is that such gatherings are far more costly and time-consuming for us to attend than our Houston colleagues might realize.  Often, participating in these meetings takes an entire week for Enron Europe employees (especially if they are outside of Texas). Naturally, they may feel that this time of year (PRC time) is exactly the wrong time from a career perspective to miss this kind of gathering.

These off-sites are sometimes scheduled at the end of a quarter, which compounds the difficulty; worse still are the times they occur at the end of Q2, since it also coincides and conflicts with the PRC process.

I would appreciate your efforts to remind your managers to consider the travel time and costs (both direct and indirect) when inviting international employees to off-site meetings in the US.  We appreciate the chance to be included in the broader Enron initiatives and to share ideas across organizations, but we are really trying to reinforce the message about managing expenses.

Thanks!

John Sherriff

(Letter sent to all Enron Europe VPs and direct reports)

We still have issues regarding Offsites and 'Team Building' exercises.  In particular, we have recently had examples of departments failing to inform other key work groups when workplace absences are pending.

In order to avoid misunderstandings, and to increase transparency, the following will apply with immediate effect:

Any Offsite or 'Team Building' exercise which any group (both commercial and non-commercial, and including John and myself)intends to undertake must be communicated, in advance, to all department heads. Issue to be identified include:  all participants who will out of the office, total costs of the exercise; and, where appropriate, work load coverage details.

John and I are very supportive of team building exercises but we much prefer that they be conducted in the evenings or at weekends. To the extent that is not possible, we must absolutely avoid quarter ends and ensure all work is appropriately covered.

Trips to Houston and especially resorts in the US are far more difficult to justify based on the substantial travel time and costs involved.  So please pay particular attention to optimising our transatlantic travel.

Please communicate this policy to your staff.

Michael Brown

Bill- can you attend a joint ews/ees coordination mtg on the 18th. Will be all day. Janet wants either you or I there but I have Spec Tech PRC that day. Can't delegate it. Rick

fyi, please send org chart, tx rick
Ladies and Gentlemen,

	The FBI and the Department of Justice have reviewed an Enron Org Chart current as of October 2001, and now are requesting individual Org Charts for your respective 	business units.

	They essentially are trying to understand the teams that work for/report in to each of you, and get a better feel for Enron's business and corporate staff functions.
	For the larger groups, your direct reports and key commercial and staff support should suffice. For the smaller groups, a more complete list of your team would be 	appreciated.

	At your earliest convenience, please provide me with a copy of the following Org Charts:

		1.	Enron Global Services - Stan Horton

		2.	Risk Management/Chief Risk Officer - Rick Buy

		3.	Enron Broadband Services - Jim Fallon

		4.	Accounting/Chief Accounting Officer - Rick Causey

		5.	Global Finance/Treasury - Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen

		6.	Investor Relations - Mark Koenig

		7.	Enron Wholesale Legal - Mark Haedicke

		8.	Corporate Secretary/Board Communications - Paula Rieker

		9.	Enron Principal Investments - Kevin Garland

	Please call with any questions or comments.

Thanks

Ned Crady
Enron Global Markets
Office: (713) 853-4552
Email: ncrady@enron.com

Ted- I'm in New Hampshire. Will be to end of next week unless I get ordered back or fired. Hope all is well. Happy Holidays. Rick

My schedule for the next 2 weeks is as follows 

12/24 - 12/28 
Mon 9 -3 
Tues holiday 
Wed holiday - Boxing day 
Thurs 9 - 6 
Friday 9 -6 

12/31- 1/4 
mon vacation day 
tues holiday 
wed 9 - 6 
thurs 9 - 6 
Fri 9-6 

I can be reached at home at 011 44 207 937 2051 
                        mobile 0788 1512 144 
and i will check messages several times a day 

We are working on the following issues: 
        gathering information and developing the analysis of ECTRIC's solvency for purposes of determining whether a CH 11 is appropriate

        organizing terminations/claims/writs and discussion of response strategy with bankruptcy council 
        analyzing British Energy contract ($50MM asset net of monetization) referred to in my memo of 3 weeks ago 
        aiding the efforts of the adminstrators as requested 

Our biggest needs from my perspective are 
                        1) a responsive authority to sign off on decisions 
                        2) access to local counsel (inside and outside) 
                        3) ability to pay a small number of back office personell 

Please call if any questions 

yes, i may attend in the am before the prc. rick

I will be available.  Should I coordinate with Janet Dietrich.

Bill- can you attend a joint ews/ees coordination mtg on the 18th. Will be all day. Janet wants either you or I there but I have Spec Tech PRC that day. Can't delegate it. Rick

Thanks for note. Sounds like good progress on people side. It seems, like many things, that a huge effort is followed by a period of nothing, but eventually the balls that have been rolling generate enuf  "mo" to make a difference. Rick

Rick,
The reports I am getting regarding you are quite encouraging.  Hope you continue to make progress without too much pain.  Don't talk unless you have to.  Could you imagine if I ever have that operation, there'd be blood everywhere!

I do not have anything in particular that would compel me to make you talk.  It is good to hear that you will be back in the office, because I am concerned that the Board stuff needs direction.  Not that people aren't working on stuff, but your perspective is needed.  We had what I think was an excellent meeting with Jeff Skilling - I chimed in by conference call.  He spent about an hour and 1/2 with David, Cassandra and me.  Had some interesting perspectives.  He did make the comment that, if he could get the same returns on incremental VaR, he would rather increase our limit to $250MM than do more of those asset deals!!

Things are generally the same around here, there are some deals, but none that would require you to step in.    Michael is trying to push to get some things closed in July because he is concerned that August will be dead.  It looks very likely that we are trying to dress up Encom for sale without making big commitments. 
There have been a few problems that may come across your radar scope - there were some personell issues in the Henry Bath warehousing business that have been dealt with and some personell changes in metals, basically a few people let go in NY and London and a re-configuration of the commercial staff - merging of physical and financial.
It seems to be moving on the right track from a control perspective.  It remains to be seen on the commercial front.  EBS has gotten gutted here.  I have spoken to Steve.  Apparently, he is going back soon, but he is in the fortunate state of having a few decent offers to weigh internally. He hasn't told me his final decision.

We have lost a 2 more people to resignation on the credit side - Anna Reich and Karolina Moran.  I would have liked to have kept Karolina but she has been here 2 years and seems a little too bitter from the management changes and the lack of substantive change to refresh herself.  Anna was going to have to be replaced anyway.
On the positive side of the ledger, an ex-JP morgan ISDA Collateral Annex expert - Christine Stanchus - has joined yesterday, Pat Cini has been doing a good job, Rudi Z. plans to start on 8/15, Tracy Ngo is here looking around and thinking about early september, 3 from the outside have accepted and we have 4/5 other real prospects. There are also a few other internal transfers (one which we ought to discuss). We have reviewed hundreds of resumes, spoken to tons of agencies, put in 2 newpaper adds and interviewed maybe a hundred people.  Finally, we are starting to see some reasonable quality - a little more expensive, but much better.  Most hires/offers have been in the middle range - sr. Specialist - junior director.  We need to fill in the other ends of the spectrum.  It is possible that we have turned the corner....

I am hoping that when the days begin to get shorter (September 5th?), I will be in a position to actually start to make an impact around here.

Take care and let me know if there is anything personal or professional that I can do to reduce your stress.

Ted

Thanks for note. I recall our conversation. I've had surgery but as you know the worry is did they get it all? Surface tissue of tongue on bottom right. This is so weird since I don't smoke or dip which are the primary risk factors. Thanks for your concern and I will let you know how this goes. I have found that information control is critical so please don't discuss with anyone. I go back to MDA in a month for follow-up visit (ultra sound of lymph nodes). Rick

Rick - I recently heard you had had surgery at MDA for a malignancy and wanted to send you my very best wishes for a full, complete and fast recovery!  As I think we have talked in the past, I have had a long-term association with MDA for what was an awful tumor (spinal Ewing's sarcoma) which was aggressively and successfully treated there.  In fact, this year, I will celebrate (and I do mean celebrate!) 20 years since diagnosis.  I hope you will have a similar tale to tell many years down the road.  Rick, it there is anything I can do for you as you recuperate or journey through this experience, I hope you will let me know.  In the meantime, please know that lots of friends and associates are praying for you and hoping to see you doing the things you enjoy very soon.  Take care, Rick!  My best, Paula 

OK but this is a tree and I want to focus on the forest. A few facts on this may be helpful to understand the forest. Also, be sure to coordinate with Ted on London stuff. Tx Rick

David and Rick,

I am following up with people in London to gain a better understanding of the cause of this operational loss.  I have been assured that several process changes have been implemented to correct the underlying problem, but I will also get enough additional details to make my own assessment.  

Thanks,
Wanda 

Fyi - Enron Metals gets fined - one cost of unharnessed operational risk....

http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/010717/l17522074.html

Lets cancel for the moment. Bring up at next staff meeting. Rick

Rick:  As you know, a couple of months ago we formalized the Friday afternoon RAC training (1 hr. 1:00-2:00) with Stephanie coordinating.  Despite the fact that she has arranged for some interesting topics, attendance continues to dwindle with some groups of RAC not represented by even one person!  I think we need to get you to send out a RAC- wide e-mail emphasizing how important the training is!!!    Please call if you wish to discuss.  Thanks for your help!   Rick C.

Karen- please set up a meeting on this with Bill B and whoever he wants to attend. Next week if possible. Tx Rick

Rick:

Is there a good time for us to meet with you team on the matter of retail credit?

Thanks.  Shawn

Tx, Rick

Rick:  Sorry about your setback.  I want to reassure you that everything is under control here.  The material for the Finance Committee book is nearly complete.  Stephanie is working with Cassandra and the Market Risk group over the weekend to pull together their slides for the joint meeting. We will make sure that everything stays coordinated and on schedule.  So the message is RELAX AND GET HEALED UP!!   If there is anything else that you are concerned about, I will be more that glad to tackle it.    Rick C.

Thanks for note. I may need your help here as I won't be able to filter stuff as much as I usually do so if my guys are reviewing something that looks way off let me know. 

Also, spoke with Pug re joint meeting and he nthinks we need 2 hours for it and probably won't be able to discuss international assets and lessons learned this time around.Is there anyway we can increase time for joint meeting to 2 hours, and have audit and finance as well? Pug really wants to leave adequate time to discuss limits etc. He also wants to be sure that all BOD feel they are invited. How do we do that? Rick

Sorry to hear the news but it sounds like everything is going much better.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help out in your absence.  I could spend more time on the Finance Committee book if it would help.  I'm just writing minutes and reviewing presentations for the next Board meeting (boring!).  Take care, Rebecca

At least you know you are out of control. That is partial success. Thanks for note. Rick

Your guys need you.  I'm completely out of control!!!

looks ok to me-  rick

Please provide comments to the attached minutes by July 24th. If you approve as written, please let us know. Regards, Rebecca

 << File: 043001F.doc >> 
Kelly M. Johnson
Executive Assistant
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-6485
Fax: (713) 853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@enron.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

Scott- I discussed the sale of Mariner's deepwater assets with Dave Gorte and he confirmed that any sale would require both creditors committee and bankruptcy court approval prior to consummation of the deal. We don't believe there would be any issue with the sale. I hope this is consistent with your understanding. Rick Buy

Whats up with this comment?? Rick
This person has no clue.  Reviewing gulf coast basis locations probably won't find the next EES lock box problem.  

Regards

John
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions.

Thanks,
Jennifer
x5-7590

 

i think i did this properly. any way you can check? rick

Enron Wholesale Services - Office of the Chairman

 
To keep pace with the fluid and fast-changing demands of our equity trading activities, Enron Wholesale Services ("EWS") has recently revised its official Policies and Procedures Regarding Confidential Information and Securities Trading ("Policies and Procedures"). These revisions reflect two major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into the United Kingdom, and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow process, the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, so that the role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures. The newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for your review on LegalOnline, the new intranet website maintained by the Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department. Please click on the attached link to access LegalOnline:
 
<http://legalonline.corp.enron.com/chinesewall.asp>
 
If you have already certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year, you need not re-certify at this time, although you are still required to to review and become familiar with the revised Policies and Procedures. If you have not certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year, then you must do so within two weeks of your receipt of this message. The LegalOnline site will allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP Personal ID number. If you have any questions concerning the Policies or Procedures, please call Bob Bruce at extension 5-7780 or Donna Lowry at extension 3-1939. 

What is status of this? Rick

Rick Carson from RAC is currently reviewing all of the interests/assets we have which have been written to zero over the last few years and have essentially disappeared from any form of reporting - a prime example of these would be MidWest Gas Storage which recently emerged as something of an issue.

Rick believes that there are approximately 75 - 100 of these interests/assets for review and he is preparing a list in the next week or so.  When this list is pulled together reponsibility for all of them will fall under Dick Lydecker, this will therefore include Mid West Gas Storage.  Let's hope Dick can get something from our 25% overriding interest.  Dick will be responsible for reviewing this portfolio, managing the risks and ensuring we maximise all upsides.

Louise

Maybe we need to rethink entire process. I haven't been totally comfortable with it anyway but it hasn't been high enuf on the list. Maybe after BOD mtg. Rick

He's right in that looking at curves where we generally don't have much of a position, will not add much value. I'm having Frank Hayden check this assertion. 
Bottom line is, again, the middle office groups are either poorly staffed, poorly skilled or too distracted to administer the risk process effectively.

When Frank comes back to me I'm tempted to suggest two things, for which I'll need Whalley/Lavorato/Beck to buy into:

1	Curve validations are submitted to us before anybody else;
2	They concentrate on more significant factors (e.g. Volatility, correlation, the Alberta Power curve)

DP

Whats up with this comment?? Rick
This person has no clue.  Reviewing gulf coast basis locations probably won't find the next EES lock box problem.  

Regards

John
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions.

Thanks,
Jennifer
x5-7590

 << File: Curve Val Gas Memo.doc >> 

Did this lady contact you? Rick

Good morning Rick,

Christie Patrick suggested that I contact you for assistance in pulling together a 'dummy' DASH and past deal capital budgeting information.  Enron University Affairs, the Xcelerator and the Recruiting department are collaborating with the McIntire School of Commerce (University of Virginia) on a year long project where 80 Commerce students will research a topic assigned to them by Enron.  At this point, the Xcelerator has suggested research on the 'Decentralization of Energy Distribution/Distributive Generation', and to this end, we are responding to faculty requests for broad-based industry and Enron-specific information.  Bob Kemp, Associate Dean for the Graduate Programs has requested any type of capital budgeting information that we could provide to help the students 'get a better feel for' how Enron structures its deals.  

I am by no means a financial guru or whiz, so I'm not sure any of this will make sense to you but here are the buzz words he mentioned during a conference call:

cash flows
$ required needed
cost of capital
time adjustments (for capital)

Is there anything else we can give them (outside of a dummy DASH)?  We will be entering in a CA with the school/students.

Please let me know at your earliest convenience.

Regards,

Cindy
Enron University Affairs

x 5-7591

A great tool, launched from the right platform. We are definitely making progress around here. Keep it up. Rick

The Extreme VaR functionality is now operational on the RaC website.  The testing phase is completed, but ongoing calibration and fine-tuning will continue.  Extreme VaR represents a complement to Regular VaR, but concentrates on the Extreme Tail regions.  The default shown on the screen is at 99.7%.
It can easily be set up for any portfolio of interest and at a user-specified confidence level.

The following document summarizes the procedure to invoke it from your websites.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Naveen Andrews (58668).
 << File: EVARCustomizeProcedure.doc >> 

Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign focuses on making a difference to people severely impacted by the recent flood "Allison".  All business units and Corporate functions will be participating in a Day of Caring, teaming with the following United Way agencies: Jewish Community Center, YMCA, Neighborhood Centers, and Center for the Retarded.  The Corporate functions and EGAS employees' Day of Caring is on Wednesday, August 8, 2001, and we will be teaming with the Jewish Community Center to provide assistance to senior citizen meals-on-wheels beneficiaries.  Activities that will be completed that day include painting, yard work, landscaping, cleaning, and various home repairs.

The Jewish Community Center provides community services to individuals regardless of religious orientation.  These services include: childcare, youth development, summer day camp, meals-on-wheels and congregate meals to the elderly, health and recreation programs, dance, drama and music programs, refugee services and other community services.  The Jewish Community Center is responsible for providing approximately 40% of Houston/Harris County meals-on-wheels per day.  Funding comes from a combination of federal and state programs, the United Way and individuals.

I encourage every single employee  to take at least half of your day on August 8th to participate in this effort.  RAC's goal is 100% participation.  It is a unique opportunity to truly make a difference in someone's quality of life, and you will be able to see first hand how your United Way contributions improve the lives of people in our own community.  

Below are our United Way contacts within each group that will be helping with this process and can answer any questions.  Please sign up with your team leader by designating whether you are interested in participating for a full day, or for which half of the day, and they will review with each function's department head to ensure appropriate RAC coverage for that day's responsibilities.  

Thank you in advance for volunteering your time.  Let's show everyone that RAC is dedicated to helping those that are less fortunate.

Rick

Enron Corp. Day of Caring RAC Representatives:	
Cassandra Schultz and Rebecca Phillips

RAC Day of Caring Team Leaders:
Underwriting:			Cindy Hudler
Credit Risk:			Darren Vanek
Market Risk:			Rita Hennessy
Portfolio Management:		Becky Caudle
Compliance:			Shelli Smith

I didn't see where she said it was mismarked. I  have been seeing your comments on this validation process and I do think we (RAC) can improve here. I've asked David Port to dig in and make some recommendations. Rick

Just because a curve moves doesn't mean it's mismarked.

John
 << File: Curve Val Gas Memo.doc >> 

Great job and great team. Stick to your guns going forward. Rick

In a absolutely dead tech market, two of the EBS portfolio companies announced they were being acquired today.  StorageApps is being acquired by Hewlett Packard for $350 million, and Amber Networks is being acquired by Nokia for $421 million.  If I am not mistaken, these are the 2 largest technology acquisitions of 2001 (where only a handful of acquisitions have been made in total all year).

Net gains to Enron on both of these investments (which were both made in 2000) will be small, but the acquisitions are a verification of EBS Ventures ability to pick the best telecom investments in the market (no other single investor is in both of these deals).  Steven Sheldon and Patrick Hickey deserve tremendous credit for originating and managing these investments.

Thanks,

Kevin Garland
Enron Principal Investments

Today WSJ article on page 1 is good example of what we try to capture. They weren't MTM'ing their junk bond portfolio and it went against them. They were also trying to increase earnings by taking on more risk, without the risk system in place. They fired cfo and are looking for a risk person!! Good reading. FYI, Rick

Another one. Rick

Now that American B-52's are reorganizing Afghanistan's landscape, US 
> > intelligence has discovered that the Taliban have renamed some of their 
> > towns to confuse us.These new names include: 
> > 
> > 1. Wherz-Myroof 
> > 2. Mykamel-Izded 
> > 3. Oshit-Disisabad 
> > 4. Waddi-El-Izgowinon 
> > 5. Pleez-Ztopdishit 
> > 6. Kizz-Yerass-Goodbi 
> > 7. Ikantstan-Disnomore 
> > 8. Wha-Tafuk-Wazi-Tinkin 
> > 9. Myturbin-Izburnin 
> > 10. Imma-Dedshmuck 

Approve as written. Rick

Please review the attached excerpt from May 1st Board of Directors meeting by August 6th. If you approve as written, please let us know. Regards, Rebecca

 << File: FINANCE EXCERPT.COM.doc >> 

Kelly M. Johnson
Executive Assistant
Enron Corp.
1400 Smith Street, EB4923
Houston, TX 77002
Tel: 713-853-6485
Fax: 713-853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@enron.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you receive this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

She needs a higher prc rating for an office. rick

FYI - I could suggest she has mine ?

Am I the only RAC VP w/o an office?  Did we run out of space?

David - I already apprised Whalley of this issue. He is thinking about it. Rick
It might be good if you two participate in this discussion with Hickerson in the morning.  Also, David, you might want to discuss w/Whalley beforehand.  What exactly are we going to restrict Gary and his traders from trading?  Sheila Glover says we may have trader retention issues if the traders are prohibited from trading for their own account the securities that they are most familiar with...
 
But I think this is clearly contrary to how Ted, Legal, etc. think our policy should work.  So what are we willing to do to compromise, if anything?  The  policy says the Risk Committee can give dispensation.  To do this, do we want to require some type of review of Hickerson's personal accounts? And who would do that?
 
Cassandra.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gary,
Judy is setting up a conference call for 15 minutes on Thursday morning to discuss Employee Trading, as currently defined in the Risk Management Policy which be sent to BOD this Friday.
 
The policy, as it currently stands, does not allow a person to trade positions in his personal account relating to his trading area.  For Financials, this has been defined to restrict to that employees' specific area of responsiblity.  For instance, the portfolio manager of Technology would not be able to hold tech stocks in his personal or 3rd party account.  
 
Cassandra will be able to provide some background on the input she is receiving from other groups.  
 
We can discuss alternatives which may be more palatable.  For instance, a person would declare where their personal brokerage accounts are held and statements are reviewed.
 
Sheila
 

As we discussed, please verify or have verified by IT, the email and calendar access of Ted Murphy relative to Veronica Valdez. Have all such access disconnected if you find it connected. Thanks, Rick Buy

fyi, rick
As per our discussion last week, Sally will get with you and review the closing of the books that occurs each night.  This is in reference to the issue of which of the approximately 1200 books get closed easily and which ones require some miracles.  The goal is to better understand the issues at the commodity and/or business unit level.

Thanks.

GP

Great!!!!. Rick

As per our discussion last week, Sally will get with you and review the closing of the books that occurs each night.  This is in reference to the issue of which of the approximately 1200 books get closed easily and which ones require some miracles.  The goal is to better understand the issues at the commodity and/or business unit level.

Thanks.

GP

Great. If we have any inkling of a sale it should probably be mentioned at this BOD meeting. We can call an executive committee when an actual approval is required but August can be real tough with vacations. Thanks for update. Rick

Discussions are progressing on the sale of Portland General.  I currently believe that it is unlikely that we will be in a position to seek approval at the August 14th board meeting, but it is possible.  We are working with all of the relevant groups (RAC, tax, accounting, etc.) just in case things break our way.  (Rick, Randy Petersen is working with us from RAC.)

I will keep you apprised as things develop, especially if thing accelerate in the next few days.

I hope you are doing well,
Mark

Any interest? Rick

On Monday August 6, about 75 new full-time Associates will be starting thei=
r careers at Enron.  Attached is a schedule of Orientation Topics, as well =
as an invitation to welcome these Associates at a Happy Hour Monday evening=
.  It would be great if you could stop by, even for just a few minutes, to =
welcome them to the company.  For your convenience, the Happy Hour is at Fa=
rrago, which is less than 6 blocks from the Enron Building.  =20

Members of the Program regularly tell us that senior level interaction is a=
n area that we can improve on, so your participation in events like this ve=
ry important.  An RSVP is not required, but if you plan to attend, please l=
et us know so we can prepare a name tag for you.  Feel free to extend this =
invitation to other senior members of your team.

As always, we appreciate your continued support of The Program.

Regards,
Billy =20

Distribution:
Executive Committee
Policy Committee
A&A Committee (Western only)
Recruiting Executive Leads

 

FYI Hope this helps. Rick

Rick,

Attached is the spreadsheet that contains the EI-Headquarters capital deployed as of June 2001.

Let me know if you need anything else.

Thanks,
Rob

 

Rob Brown
Manager, Enron Corp.
Financial Accounting & Reporting
Off. 713.853.9702
Cell 713.303.4497
rob.brown@enron.com

As you are now aware, the United Way Campaign has now kicked-off and RAC is very much an important part of the efforts and activities that have been and will be taking place.  First of all, Monday morning, each of you should have received a small package of Lego building blocks and a schedule of United Way activities for the week.  The building blocks symbolize Enron's commitment to "Building Houston's Future" with the United Way and the schedule outlines the coming activities that Enron employees will be engaging in to show support for the United Way Agencies and the Houston community.

To highlight this week's activities:

On Wednesday, August 8, many of our RAC colleagues will be participating in the 2001 Enron Days of Caring.  The Enron Corporate Team, of which RAC is a large and important part, will be providing assistance to the Jewish Community Center.  If you have already volunteered to play a role in this activity--thank you.  If you have not had an opportunity to volunteer and would like to, please contact any one of this year's RAC United Way Campaign Coordinators--Cindy Hudler, Rebecca Phillips, Darren Vanek, Shelli Smith, Becky Caudle, Cassandra Schultz or Chip Schneider.

On Friday, August 10, Enron will host an Appreciation Event in Antioch Park which will include a complimentary lunch from Chick-Fil-A and activities to celebrate Enron employee efforts during the week.  Included in this event will be the Building Block Challenge contest featuring managers from around Enron including Dave Gorte and Chip Schneider on the Corporate Team.  Please plan on coming out to join-in the celebration and support our colleagues.

Of course, underlying all of the planned activities is the financial need that the Houston area United Way Agencies have for the Year 2002.  This year has been extraordinary due to the flooding and devastation experienced by the Houston area during Tropical Storm Alison.  In addition to providing their typical day-to-day community services, many United Way Agencies played a crucial role in the recovery effort and still provide support to those affected by the storm.  A contribution to the United Way this year is as important as ever given the extraordinary need.  Remember approximately $0.90 out of every $1.00 go directly to benefit our friends, neighbors and fellow citizens in the Houston area.  I sincerely encourage you to support RAC's objective of 100% participation in this aspect of the Campaign by making a contribution.  Contributions can be made by clicking on the Enron Human Resources website at https://hrglobal.enron.com.

Thanks for your support. 

Best regards,

Rick

FYI, me

Dear Enron Employee:

Houston Ballet is presenting The Nutcracker through Sunday, December 30.  The production has been hailed by the Houston chronicle as "the crown jewel of holiday entertainment," and is a perfect introduction to the world of ballet for families and audiences of all ages.  Enron has been a long-time supporter of the Ballet, and we would like to thank you with a special invitation from Houston Ballet and TicketMaster for discount tickets to The Nutcracker.

Click on the following links below to receive a 25% discount on tickets to any of the selected performances of The Nutcracker.

To place your order, click on the link below to choose your day and time.  When requesting your tickets, you may choose from best available seats or a specific section, however, all ticket prices may not be available.  Ticketmaster service and handling charges will apply to your order.

Your company code is: NUT1.

Happy Holidays and enjoy Houston Ballet.

Performance Dates and Times:

Wednesday, December 26 at 7:30pm
https://ticketing.ticketmaster.com/cgi/purchasePage.asp?event_id=C003345C3DE86FB&event_code=EHL1226

Thursday, December 27 at 7:30pm
https://ticketing.ticketmaster.com/cgi/purchasePage.asp?event_id=C003345D10FB243&event_code=EHL1227

Saturday, December 29 at 2:00pm
https://ticketing.ticketmaster.com/cgi/purchasePage.asp?event_id=C003345CDB2A7A1&event_code=EHL1229M

Sunday, December 30 at 2:00pm
https://ticketing.ticketmaster.com/cgi/purchasePage.asp?event_id=C003345CDDBA7F9&event_code=EHL1230M

Unfortunately, I will be on vacation. Dave Gorte in my group would be a goo=
d candidate to attend if you think appropriate. Tx, Rick Buy

Next Wednesday August 15, we will conclude orientation for the 70 new Assoc=
iates who just joined our Program.  Attached you will find an invitation to=
 a wrap-up dinner that evening at Ruggles-Enron Field.

Members of the Program regularly tell us that senior level interaction is a=
n area that we can improve on, so your participation in events like this ve=
ry important.  If you plan to attend, please RSVP to Donna Jones on extensi=
on 33175 or Jackie Coleman on extension 54070.  As always, we appreciate yo=
ur continued support of The Program.

Regards,
Billy =20

Distribution:
Policy Committee
A&A Committee (Western only)
Recruiting Executive Leads

 << File: Associate Dinner 8-15-01.ppt >>

After reviewing the Doorstep audit at Long Beach with the team I have the following conclusion:

1. We should shut these offices down because we can not control them. They don't make much money and will be a huge negative after losses at Long Beach.

---or----

2. We establish a rigid template for how these offices operate. My thought is that we create a McDonalds Hamburger type operation. Each office is exactly the same and operates under precise and well communicated rules. "Hamburger" quality is monitored from Houston routinely.

There are a huge number of these remote offices so we need to address how we proceed.

Any thoughts? Rick

Sounds interesting but I am sort of long people at the moment. I bet Fastow could use him. Rick

Rick,

Attached is the resume of a guy who has been managing the $12 billion private placement business for American General for the last several years.  AG is being bought by AIG and he is likely out of a job.  He has a deep background in credit and is based in Houston.

I had lunch with him, and my assessment is that he is really strong and could contend for a high-level finance or credit spot at Enron, if one opens up.

KG

fyi, rick

Dan, in response to the following memo, can you discuss with Rick his ideas.  I would also like to go through a detailed description of each EES office, its people and functions to determine which should be eliminated and which should be modified.  Given the latest redeployments and terminations the field offices are a shadow of their previous stature either way.  This is consistent with our overall strategies but perhaps we want to accelerate.  If you could help set up the framework to discuss I would much appreciate.

Good job on handling the "5's".

Regards
Delainey
After reviewing the Doorstep audit at Long Beach with the team I have the following conclusion:

1. We should shut these offices down because we can not control them. They don't make much money and will be a huge negative after losses at Long Beach.

---or----

2. We establish a rigid template for how these offices operate. My thought is that we create a McDonalds Hamburger type operation. Each office is exactly the same and operates under precise and well communicated rules. "Hamburger" quality is monitored from Houston routinely.

There are a huge number of these remote offices so we need to address how we proceed.

Any thoughts? Rick

Looks accurate to me. Rick Buy

Please provide comments to the attached minutes by August 17th. If you approve as written, please let us know. Regards, Rebecca

 << File: 062101e.doc >> 

Kelly M. Johnson
Executive Assistant
Enron Corp.
Tel: 713-853-6485
Fax: 713-853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@enron.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you receive this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

Jeff, sorry about the meeting but BOD meeting is next week and we all have to jump for it. Rick

Glad to help. Good luck- seemed like a tough crowd. Rick

Rick, thanks for taking so much of your time to explain RAC to the IPG group.  You said all the right things and left them with exactly the impression we were shooting for.  We are now trying to finalize a term sheet so we will be working with your folks to get this transaction down the road.  If I can return the favor let me know.  Thanks again.

Any news here? Rick

Someone from Rick Buy's Risk Management group will be calling you to schedule a visit to discuss with your team the procedures and strategy PGE has in place to manage the variability of our net variable power costs.  Since Rick's group is  a corporate Risk Management group there should be no market affiliate issues.  The visit will enable us Houstonians to get even a better handle on the risk profile of your business given the tremendous volatility we have experienced in power prices.

Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks in advance for your cooperation.

There is a lot of heat building on this. Where are we now. Rick

Rick,

As 5:00pm this afternoon RAC is up to 59.5% participation and $46.5K in pledges.

Regards,

Chip Schneider
713-853-1789
3AC 1418

tx, rick

I am planning a trip to Portland for 8/14-8/17 (after the Board meeting). Minal will help me out of Portland office.
 
Vlady.

Any news here? Rick 

Someone from Rick Buy's Risk Management group will be calling you to schedule a visit to discuss with your team the procedures and strategy PGE has in place to manage the variability of our net variable power costs.  Since Rick's group is  a corporate Risk Management group there should be no market affiliate issues.  The visit will enable us Houstonians to get even a better handle on the risk profile of your business given the tremendous volatility we have experienced in power prices.

Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks in advance for your cooperation. 

I have received nothing as yet. JC/Paul will be my first call when and if I do. Rick

Paul Flack asked me to ask each of you if you have received any materials relating to lawsuits about which you have not yet informed us.  Paul's question arises from our learning about a motion that was filed in federal court in Texarkana in a case styled Davis, et al. v. Enron, et al., in which you were named as defendants, and about which we have received no prior notice.
 
Thank you for your assistance.
 
Terri Richardson
Assistant to J.C. Nickens

This e-mail and any attached files may be confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege. If you received it in error, please immediately notify the sender by return e-mail or by calling (713)654-7600. 

Will be on vacation but wish MK the best of luck. Rick

 << File: MK Party.pps >>

I would like to extend my appreciation to you and all who contributed to the preparation of the Audit, Finance (and combined) meetings books, policies, simulations, calculations and machinations involved in this effort. It was huge. I would be happy to sponsor a happy hour if anyone is interested. I will not be able to attend but would love to. Please pass along to all in group. 

I will be out after today's meetings for a while but I can be reached and I will occasionally check email and voice mail.

Rick 

fyi, rick
Just to be sure you're in the loop here, no one in Finance was available to sign this DASH last week. Not Fastow, not Glisan, their Assistants weren't in. Deffner wasn't here. Lipshutz wasn't here. etc, etc, etc. I told Hatchen, Gorte to represent Corp. Finance and Gorte gave verbal OK. We still haven't been able to get Fastow and Glisan to sign the DASH (I think they're back tomorrow). Deal is done and executed.

This is too difficult for someone in our Deal Management group to facilitate through our system. Maybe we need to give back-up authority to RAC for approvals in a situation like this. This may be a topic for our offsite on Friday.

I agree. Given that Andy's world is expanding (corp dev) he may be even less accessible. I'll discuss with Andy and Ben. Rick

Just to be sure you're in the loop here, no one in Finance was available to sign this DASH last week. Not Fastow, not Glisan, their Assistants weren't in. Deffner wasn't here. Lipshutz wasn't here. etc, etc, etc. I told Hatchen, Gorte to represent Corp. Finance and Gorte gave verbal OK. We still haven't been able to get Fastow and Glisan to sign the DASH (I think they're back tomorrow). Deal is done and executed.

This is too difficult for someone in our Deal Management group to facilitate through our system. Maybe we need to give back-up authority to RAC for approvals in a situation like this. This may be a topic for our offsite on Friday.

Any issues? Rick
Rick,
 
I have spent some time reviewing the allocation of PGE's VaR and net open position (NOP) trading limits and would like to make the following changes to better match the limits and their objectives to PGE's trading activity and portfolio.  I have discussed these changes with Rod Hayslett and he has concurred with my proposal.  I have also reviewed them with Vlady .
 
1.  VaR:  Given that PGE is a naturally short utility and does not hedge its long-dated gas position for regulatory, liquidity and market view reasons, I propose that PGE reallocate $500k of its regulated electric VaR to its regulated natural gas VaR bring the gas VaR up to $2.5MM and reducing the electric VaR to $7.5mm.  This change is necessary to account for the size of PGE's natural short position in the back-end of its reporting period. After reducing PGE's electric VaR it will still have sufficient capacity to manage the regulated electric portfolio.
 
2. NOP:  After changing PGE's regulated gas VaR to $2.5MM it will be necessary to change the corresponding net open position.  Currently PGE has been using a 10 Bcf limit for its NOP and Maturity Gap.  Using a $2.5MM VaR I've recalculated  the corresponding NOP/Maturity limit to be approximately 17 Bcf.
 
If you agree with these changes please let me know.  If you have any questions please contact me at (503) 464-2723.
 
Thanks.
 
Jim Lobdell
Vice President
Risk Management, Reporting, Controls & Credit
Portland General Electric
(503) 464-2723

Had a miscommunication. I will talk to Janus. What should I say? Rick

R - heard you were trying to blow off Janus.  You are on the A team now so you need to be there.  
Mark Koenig

fyi- is nymex in world trade bldg? rick
Rick: 
        In light of recent events at the world trade center, Im concerned about the poitential for a systemic failure following the destruction of NYMEX. A quick note from you to confirm or deny would be appreciated.

        For example, if NYMEX payments are delayed significantly, Im worried that a larger payment failure in the energy derivatives market might follow.  In this scenario, Enron?s large NYMEX position could put it in jeoprardy.  As a result, I would think you would know before others if a NYMEX clearing falure is in the works.  Do you have any insight at this time into NYMEX payment performance?????

Was out of town but back now. I asked my group to look at your note and apprise me. Will let you know when they do. Tx Rick

Rick: 
        In light of recent events at the world trade center, Im concerned about the poitential for a systemic failure following the destruction of NYMEX. A quick note from you to confirm or deny would be appreciated.

        For example, if NYMEX payments are delayed significantly, Im worried that a larger payment failure in the energy derivatives market might follow.  In this scenario, Enron?s large NYMEX position could put it in jeoprardy.  As a result, I would think you would know before others if a NYMEX clearing falure is in the works.  Do you have any insight at this time into NYMEX payment performance?????

fyi, rick

RICK:
=20
    Thanks for your note and staying in touch during a time when a huminata=
rian crises could easily spiral into something  where the worste news is ye=
t to come.   Here is what Ive found out...
=20
    NYMEX has contingencies (which they are yet to exercise) for back-up cl=
earing, as well as a back-up site for open outcry trading.  In the past, th=
e first contingency has been exercised several times and is proven, though =
the later has never been tested in practice.  Meanwhile, clearinghouse paym=
ents have been delayed as a result of the NYMEX closing and the exchange is=
 likely to remain closed through the balance of the week (thus eliminating =
the need for daily payments).  During this time the exchange is closed, an =
effort is to be made to trigger one or both of the contingencies above (bas=
ed on yet to be clarified damage assessments).  The fact that some degree o=
f transaction data integrity exists suggests that long-term payment perform=
ance from NYMEX is not likely to be a problem.  However, if clearing paymen=
t delays extend past the end of the month when swaps settle, then we may se=
e delayed payments from weaker credits in related swap and physical markets=
.  In this regard, the markets have breathing room since the terrorist atta=
cks didnt occur late in the month.  Finally, there have been general commen=
ts from Treasury and Fed Bank officials to guarantee stock exchange payment=
s, and the assumption is that the same guarantees would apply to the NY com=
modity exchanges (but this asumption has not been validated or addressed di=
rectly in public comments).  Hope this helps.  Brad.

Was out of town but back now. I asked my group to look at your note and app=
rise me. Will let you know when they do. Tx Rick

Rick:=20
        In light of recent events at the world trade center, Im concerned a=
bout the poitential for a systemic failure following the destruction of NYM=
EX. A quick note from you to confirm or deny would be appreciated.

        For example, if NYMEX payments are delayed significantly, Im worrie=
d that a larger payment failure in the energy derivatives market might foll=
ow.  In this scenario, Enron?s large NYMEX position could put it in jeoprar=
dy.  As a result, I would think you would know before others if a NYMEX cle=
aring falure is in the works.  Do you have any insight at this time into NY=
MEX payment performance?????

I haven't done any feedback on anyone and I don't know how and I have a good excuse. If Sheila teaches me this week I will do it. Tx Rick

Below are the names of employees for whom we have not yet received Mid-Year 2001 Performance Evaluations from you.  Please do these ASAP.  Also, remember that all consolidated feedback on employees will be purged from the system effective 9/15/01.  Thanks.

CARSON, RICHARD L	
GORTE, DAVID	
HEATHMAN, KAREN K	

Shirley Cox
Assistant to Sheila Walton
51721

You were always good at spotting talent. Got any more openings? Rick
PS My head has been in the bucket for a month.

... I hired Tara Turk.  She graduates in May.  You can come visit any time.

Jim

_____________________________
Jim Easter
Reliant Energy Solutions
Transaction Development & Support
713-207-3170 - Office
713-898-9481 - Mobile
877-330-0952 - Pager
jeaster@reliant.com

Mr. Fleming:

Thanks so much for the helpful letter on membership and general information. Your letter indicated that I should make application through the Membership Committee, who would provide me with an application. You copied Cmde. Roth on the letter so I will contact him to request an application or schedule a meeting. (I have no contact information for him other than through the PYC, is that appropriate?) 

I found a potential slip at Great Cove Boat Club and was wondering if you had heard of this marina and if other members used this facility.

Thanks again for getting back to me.

Richard (Rick) Buy

P.S. I heard on the news one of the pilots was from Portsmouth. So tragic. I'm sure people there are as devastated as they are here.

i don't like this. we must make a decision. rick

As we discussed yesterday, in our review of our DASH recommendation vs. actual performance we found 36 DASHes that have been approved since late 1999 that carry the recommendation "Proceed - See Other RAC Comments".  Typically the RAC Comments describe substantial issues that must be resolved if the transaction is to be successful.

Given RAC's increased visability and accountability for portfolio performance, perhaps a more forceful description than "See Other RAC Comments" would be desirable which could be  something like: 

		"Issues - Sr. Management Approval Required" 

Therefore, the four DASH categories would be as follows:

	___  Proceed with Transaction

	____ Issues - Sr. Management Approval Required

	____ Returns Below Capital Price

	____ Do Not Proceed

The "See other RAC Comments" could be used as a footnote with an asterisk placed on any of the above categories where we wanted to call the reader's attention to our comment section.  We would, however, eliminate "See other RAC Comments"  as an official DASH classification category.  

Please let me know what you think.  We can instantly make this change or any variation you would like in both the DASH Template and Library.     
							Regards!
							Rick C.

yes
 Rick:  Are you saying that you just want three DASH categories, i.e. 1) Proceed, 2) Do not Proceed and 3) Returns Below Capital Price  with no category for Issues, RAC Comments, etc.  RC

i don't like this. we must make a decision. rick

As we discussed yesterday, in our review of our DASH recommendation vs. actual performance we found 36 DASHes that have been approved since late 1999 that carry the recommendation "Proceed - See Other RAC Comments".  Typically the RAC Comments describe substantial issues that must be resolved if the transaction is to be successful.

Given RAC's increased visability and accountability for portfolio performance, perhaps a more forceful description than "See Other RAC Comments" would be desirable which could be  something like: 

		"Issues - Sr. Management Approval Required" 

Therefore, the four DASH categories would be as follows:

	___  Proceed with Transaction

	____ Issues - Sr. Management Approval Required

	____ Returns Below Capital Price

	____ Do Not Proceed

The "See other RAC Comments" could be used as a footnote with an asterisk placed on any of the above categories where we wanted to call the reader's attention to our comment section.  We would, however, eliminate "See other RAC Comments"  as an official DASH classification category.  

Please let me know what you think.  We can instantly make this change or any variation you would like in both the DASH Template and Library.     
							Regards!
							Rick C.

Input is fine. You will have your hands full at tnpc. rick

Rick,

I will be tied up with New Power.  Let me know if you would like me to call in or would like my input to carry on without me.

Bill

The original "Steel Credit Risk Mtg." scheduled for 4:00 p.m. Tues. Sept. 18 has been rescheduled to 9:00-10:00a.m. Tues. Sept. 18.

lg
Upon the request of Jeff McMahon the Credit Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, Sept. 18, 2001 will be held in conf. room EB 2868.

Attendees:

Jeff McMahon
Ray Bowen
Rick Buy
Dave Gorte
Bill Bradford
Greg Hermans
Tim Battaglia
Glenn Wright
Tanya Rohauer

Please let me know if you are unable to attend at your earliest convenience.

Thank you,
Laura
5-3998

Was Reilly crawling home when he saw you at the underpass? Be happy to get together either in office or breakfast/lunch. Give me a call. Rick

Jim Reilly said he had spoken to you recently after he saw me holding a sign
under an I10 overpass.  Would love to get together with you to catch up and
figure out what's going on at Enron and elsewhere.  I have attached my
resume'.  We've all come along way since the BT days.  I'll call you in the
near future to see when we can get together.

 <<Resume081401.doc>> 

I get snail mail and file the statements. You should too.  You can view your account online, with a password, but keep getting written confirmations and statements. You never know if a plane might crash into their computers. Love, Dad (A time will come when you don't need paper but I don't think we are there yet.)

I got this from fidelity today.  Do you think I should do online banking instead of receiving stuff in the mail?  What do you do?  Cheers big ears. 

Love, 
Jules 

In a message dated 9/18/01 11:53:23 AM Pacific Daylight Time, Fidelity.Investments@fidelity2.m0.net writes: 

online 
Date:9/18/01 11:53:23 AM Pacific Daylight Time 

I was just thinking of the mountain of things going on, outside of normal stuff, and I decided to make a list. Here it is:

Formation of International Credit Group- Bradford/Murphy
Curve Validation Issue-Port/Gorte
Steel Issues-Bradford/Gorte
Rocar Progress/Implementation-Gorte
Operational Risk Metrics/Implementation-Curry
EES???-All
Bankruptcy Group-Gorte/Carson/Tribolet/Bradford
Retail Credit-Bradford/Carson
Private Equity Trading-Gorte
Credit Consistency study- Buy

I think we should have a meeting to discuss above. Some are bigger than others. Organization and website need to adapt to current business environment. 

If anything else belongs on this list let me know. Karen will set up meeting.

Rick

no

Rick, Do you want to get any of these tickets for the Grand Prix?   Karen

Enron Corporate Marketing, in conjunction with management from our core businesses, has entered into an agreement with the PacWest Racing Team for the 2001 Texaco/Havoline Grand Prix of Houston October 5-7, 2001.  The PacWest Racing Team is a member of the CART FedEx Championship Series, which features drivers Scott Dixon and Mauricio Gugelmin, and is owned by the McCaw Family (Nextel/McCaw Cellular).  Enron will be featured as a lead sponsor of the Scott Dixon #18 car, while receiving a number of other significant benefits, including:

New business opportunities/lead generation 
Client, customer and executive entertainment & hospitality (see below) 
Community programs/initiatives 
Employee programs, contests and special offers 
Global marketing & branding benefits 

The agreement will enable Enron Executives the opportunity to entertain key customers with a one-of-a-kind "behind the scenes" experience that will include the following:

Gourmet hospitality including breakfast and lunch prepared for Enron guests by an on-site chef at the race track in PacWest/Enron Summit mobile hospitality suites 
Paddock passes and guided tours allowing Enron guests to visit the garage areas to get a "behind the scenes" look at the business and technology of motor sports 
Saturday and Sunday race tickets located in Grandstand C, just before turn one and adjacent to our hospitality suite 
Driver autographs and "meet and greet" sessions for Enron customers and executives 
Opportunity to network with companies including (but not limited to): NEXTEL, JP Morgan Chase, Gemstar, Pennzoil, PPG, Snap-On, Bosch, Freightliner, Toyota, Panasonic, 3D Village 

This package is available for the weekend on a per day basis.  Enron has available 100 passes per day, and pricing is as follows:

Saturday Only                   $150 per person 
Sunday Only                     $250 per person 

Please see the following attachments, as they will provide you the first look at the Enron/PacWest Racing car and the schedule of events.  Please contact David Tagliarino (853-7883) or Greg Grissom (345-8741) by Friday, September 28 to secure your package for this exciting weekend.   

Thank you. 

                Enron / Scott Dixon #18 Race Car                Texaco/Havoline Grand Prix Schedule of Events 
                        <<enroncar.jpg>>                                       <<TGP 2001 Race Schedule.xls>>                                         

no, we have the rac seats for all of these games right? rick

Rick, Do you want to buy any of these tickets?   Karen

The Houston Astros are on track to clinch their 4th Central Division title in five years and return playoff baseball to Houston and for the first time at Enron Field.  Though many business units have their own tickets for these games, the Corporate Marketing team would like to make the corporate tickets listed below available to the Management Committee on a first come, first serve basis for the 2001 playoff games tentatively scheduled to begin around October 9th.

Enron's Corporate Suite (includes 14 tickets and two parking passes) 
Four (4) Diamond Club Level 
Four (4) Club Level 
Four (4) Dugout Level 
Four (4) Field Level 

We will be accepting requests for these tickets by game number and by series. (Ex. If you were requesting tickets to Game 2 of the League Championship Series (LCS) you would be asking for tickets to a game that could be played on October 10 or October 13 , per the schedule below, depending if the Astros have home field advantage.)  As in the past, these tickets will be billed to your company number and cost center.    

If a game is listed as "if necessary" there is no guarantee that this game will be played due to various reasons such as home field advantage and length of series.  If you select one of these games and it is not played, the game will not be able to be replaced with another game.  Tickets for games not played will not be charged to your company number and cost center.

Please respond to Greg Grissom by email ( <mailto:greg.grissom@enron.com>) if you would like to request tickets or if you have any questions.  

The playoff game schedule and costs associated with these tickets are as follows: 

2001 Astros Home Playoff Ticket Cost                                           
                                               
Series  Cost Per Ticket                                
        Diamond Club    Club    Dugout  Field   Suite (14 Tickets)     
Division        $250    $45     $45     $45     $2,500 
LCS     $250    $80     $80     $80     $2,500 
WS      $300    $175    $175    $175    $2,500 
Note: Prices do not include parking which is an additional $25 per game (excluding the suite)                                          

2001 Astros Home Playoff Schedule       (Game Dates Subject to Change and Times TBD)           
                       
Division Series (DS)    Home Field Advantage    No Home Field Advantage
Game 1  10/9/01 10/12/01       
Game 2  10/10/01        10/13/01 (if necessary)
Game 3  10/14/2001 (if necessary)              
                       
League Championship Series (LCS)                       
Game 1  10/16/01        10/19/01       
Game 2  10/17/01        10/20/01       
Game 3  10/23/01 (if necessary) 10/21/01 (if necessary)
Game 4  10/24/2001 (if necessary)              
                       
World Series (WS)                      
Game 1  10/27/01        n/a    
Game 2  10/28/01        n/a    
Game 3  11/03/2001 (if necessary)       n/a    
Game 4  11/04/2001 (if necessary)       n/a    

Thank you. 

Thanks for help. This is a tremendous service you guys provide. R. Buy

Cut the present sealant with a razor knife and remove deck.
The remaining sealant can be scraped off with a plexiglass or acrylic
scraper (this allows you to easily remove the sealant without scratching
the gelcoat).
A new light tan or beige silicone sealant can be ordered through most
marine suppliers or your local Boston Whaler dealer (sorry, no factory
direct).
Whaler uses a silicone from Starbrite Co., Whaler part# 1081694 or
Starbrite's vendor part number 82180.
Please call 1-800-Whaler-9 or check the dealer locator on the Whaler
website for the location of your nearest Boston Whaler dealer for parts
pricing and availability.

                                                                           
                    rbuy@ect.enron                                         
                                                                           

I am planning to remove the large deck plate on my 25' Whaler Revenge
(1989). There is a sealant there now. How do I remove and what is your
recommendation for a replacement sealant. I am going to replace gas
hoses, both fill, vent and engine supply. Thanks for help. Rick Buy

Is this still on? I met with Michael Levy also. Are they connected? Rick

Bob Bennett, the Skadden Arps lawyer who has been retained by the Company to represent it in the Congressional Committees' investigations, will be here next Thursday and Friday, December 20-21, to meet with you about the interviews the staff attorney for the House Energy and Commerce has requested with you.  I will let you know the time and place.

Please call me with any questions. 

I think you will find much more demand than you think for engineers, although the economy is suffering at the moment. It does not sound like this lady has her act together. I wish I knew more about biomedical engineers. You should talk to the head of the dept. and ask who is big in the industry and send them all letters with a resume attached. Don't worry at all about your resume right now, it is almost irrelevant. Your grade point average and salutatorian are relevant. There are very few female engineers in the workplace which will help you a lot. You could work for companies like Enron, Exxon, Shell for example but it would not be in your major. My guess is the major pharmaceutical firms may hire you but you need to research this. The first stop should be the head of the department. Lets talk more on this topic. Love, Dad

Hey dad.  Just wanted to let you know that I went into my undergraduate career services office today (just for the heck of it).  The lady was very helpful but sort of scared me.  At first she was snobby because I hadn't had any experience, but then she realized that I had a lot of skills from my courses that would go on my resume and that I could include my Nantucket work and stuff like that.  No chance of a job in England or Ireland though.  She said it would be too much work for her to start researching foreign companies.  So I guess I'm gonna have to start going to seminars and stuff to get myself ready for job searching.  She's gonna help me with my resume, which I'll proably start on this weekend.  She said summer co-ops are very hard to come by since more kids are looking and companies don't really want people for just the summer.  But she said I'm lucky that I came in so early.!  So who knows.   

I also applied for engineering dean's host today.  The application process was easy, and it kind of hurt my pride when I applied for CAS dean's host and didn't get it, so I'll see if this goes any better.  It will just entail a few hours on Fridays in the spring, and I remember that we both found the dean's hosts very helpful when we went to my freshman Friday.  But I may not get it, so oh well.  Rebecca has not woken up yet today.  It is 5:00.  She says she has a headache.  It has been nice and quiet at least.  I returned a textbook today (went and made copies of the pages i needed to save us the 35 bucks).  I accept cash or check.  Life is good and boring.  I have been very productive the past few days, and I am happy the week is coming to an end.  I will try to have some fun this weekend.  OK that's it for now.  HOpe all's well for you.  Write or call if you're bored/depressed.  Later skat! er. 

Cheers big ears, 
Jules 

help!!!

Let me know if you want any help installing

DP << File: WorldIndices1.kof >>  << File: NGWTI.kof >> 

fyi,pls handle tx rick
The purpose of this email is to bring to your attention some outstanding
stationary orders in your name.  We have not received approval for the
proofs for your particular order.  If you need a proof to approve, please
reply to this message and confirm a fax number for us.  Thank you for you
time.

Mark

agree- there should be no issue whatsoever getting him promoted at ye rick

rick,
David's review should be in his file in Houston, but, if not, I should be able to retrieve it.    Generally, I believe he has done a good job.  I continued to emphasize that he had to find avenues to use his technical strenght to influence the firm's behaviour rather than expecting it to be enough to be right. and that he needed to proactively communicate with other groups, like ops and commercial, with an eye toward empathy for their stance on contentious issues. 
I also said that he continues to be a viable candidate for promotion at year end.
Thoughts?
Ted 

Ted- Did you do David's performance review? Rick

FYI Rick

Rick -- per my voicemail

FYI

... some recent history.  I had left the message with Rogers Herndon.
You are correct!  This is not a new issue, but it seems to resurface on a r=
egular basis.  The issue has been pointed out regularly (the first time in =
connection with the license and regularly thereafter) and each time the bus=
iness has said not to worry, if they can't cut a deal with New Power they w=
ill just pay the $1/MW.  EES has assumed it will pay the $1/MW since day on=
e!

=09Jim

=20
Marianne Castano
08/23/2001 08:33 AM
Harry and Gloria:

Jim Keller and I have indeed dealt with this issue in the past (it actually=
 came up at the time we were applying for our TX marketer license).=20

 It is my understanding, and Jim, please comment if my information is "stal=
e", that we were going to choose the option set forth in Sec. 39.352(g)(3),=
 which allows us to make a payment into the System Benefit Fund.  This appr=
oach was discussed with Dennis Benevides, and then, I believe, with Don Bla=
ck, and they were OK with our pursuing this course, in lieu of having TNPC =
provide service to residentials on our behalf.=20

 Please call me if you have any questions:  814-835-0793. =20

Marianne

Marianne - per my voicemail.

Ed,

Residential Obligation
Section 39.352(g) of Senate Bill 7 provides that for any REP serving an agg=
regate load in excess of 300 MW, 5% of the load must consist of residential=
 customers. A REP can fulfil this requirement by:
1. Demonstrating that it directly serves residential load amounting to 5% o=
f its total load
2. That another REP serves the residential load on its behalf, or
3. It pays 1 dollar per MWH of required 5% load into the System Benefit Fun=
d.
 EES can fulfil its obligation by entering into an agreement with New Power=
 to serve residential load on its behalf, or can pay the 1$ per MWH penalty=
.
There is an annual compliance reporting requirement and EES can demonstrate=
 compliance if it has an agreement with New Power.

EES Contract,
For price to beat customers, the utilities have by Commission rule, the obl=
igation to allow customers to come and go without restraint for the 5 year =
period conmmencing 1/2/02. The Commission concern may be that Enron will ab=
use this provision by gaming the system. The Enron contracts as currently w=
ritten are within the rules as approved by the Commission. Until the utilit=
ies move to amend the relevant rules, the Commission can only exercise its =
displeasure by appropriate oversight and enforcement to determine what cond=
uct amounts to abuse and gaming. I think it will ultimately be a question o=
f degree and pattern of switching. The onus will be on the affiliated REPs =
to prove abuse and gaming. Fundamentally, it is in the best interest of the=
 market to allow customers to come and go. Customer mobility is the best cu=
stomer protection in a competitive market. Besides, a restraint on customer=
 mobility could have a chilling effect on competition as it will increase c=
ustomer inertia. The Commission will carefully weigh any course of action t=
o insure that they achieve a reasonable balance. For larger than 1MW custom=
ers, they can agree to long term contracts and a restriction on their abili=
ty to come and go.

Please call with any questions,
Gloria
get on this.  we need to discuss

Everyone - =20

I was just informed by EPMI that there may be a requirement for Retail Ener=
gy Providers in ERCOT to serve a certain mix of residential rate class/indu=
strial rate class customers once a certain industrial threshold is crossed =
(300 Mw of industrial rate class load). =20

EWS has not set it itself up to monitor such requirements.  Therefore, I ca=
nnot comment on the accuracy or details of this requirement.  However, it i=
s something we definitely need to look into.  In addition, we (EPMI/EWS) ar=
e getting feedback from the TX PUC that they are not pleased with how they =
see the pilot and the market structure unfolding.  Specifically, they are n=
ot pleased with retail energy providers' contracts that contemplate the rig=
ht to switch between direct access and tariff (and visa-versa).  We will mo=
nitor and need to get more clarity on how the PUC intends to address their =
displeasure.

On the residential requirement front, someone needs to address this.  Speci=
fically, is this true.  If so, what rate classes are considered industrial =
vs. commercial?  Is there a similar requirement for commercial load?  Is TI=
 considered industrial?  Do we already have industrial customers in our por=
tfolio?  Who in EES tracks and monitors issues like these as we enter marke=
ts?

Mike Curry is in the process of tracking this info down from an EPMI perspe=
ctive as they are focusing on more of the pure, large industrial customers.=
  We will share any information Mike receives with the EES group.=20

RH

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded StdOleLink>

fyi, rick
Dawn,
Per a meeting today with Rick Buy and Louise Kitchen it was determined that the allocation for RAC- Portfolio (Rick Carson- 100053) of $544K to ENA was incorrect. Please amend as follows:

ENA	 $109K
EPI	$435K

This is necessary because of the asset transfer to EPI and the work associated with these assets. 

I worked there for 4 years, including the 93 bomb incident. This whole thing is beyond my imaginations ability to comprehend. Rick

Take a look at these pics! For anyone who has worked or visited the WTC area, these pics are incredible. Just looking at the devastation to the surrounding buildings is shocking.  My friend worked at Banker's Trust at 130 Liberty and these pictures were taken from and around that building. Sherron

FYI - 130 Liberty is the Bankers Trust building where I used to work.

http://www.terratreasures.com/groundzero/groundzero.html

--

This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error)
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this
e-mail is strictly forbidden.

My name is Rick Buy and I saw your note in Points East magazine indicating you could take on some new members. This sounds terrific to me. Are there still "opening"s?

I own a 25 foot Boston Whaler, am new to the area, and would like to meet some nice people and would like to join others on a cruise occasionally. My wife, Janice, likes boating as well but neither of us owns an ascot.

I would love to give you a call and discuss this but I thought I would write this email first. 

Rick

I can't believe you finally got Vlady. You must have snuck in while I was on vacation. 

By the way, Whalley, Port and I talked and decided we would try removing all your limits except var. Lets see how it works.

Rick

Does anyone ask how the reserve is split between deals? Also, do they ask is it can be reduced because of portfolio effect? Just curious. Rick

Please note the following addition to the EPMI credit reserve:

Counterparty:	Mesa, City of
Deal No:		765297
Deal Date:   	9/6/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale, 10mw/h, July/Aug only, peak
Term:		7/1/02 to 8/31/12
Delivery Point:	Pinnacle Peak
Fixed Price:		$53.25
Marketer:		Paul Choi/Matt Motley

Counterparty:	Mesa, City of
Deal No:		765250
Deal Date:   	9/6/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale, 15 mw/h (May-Aug), 20 mw/h (Sept), peak
Term:		5/1/02 to 9/30/12
Delivery Point:	Pinnacle Peak
Fixed Price:		$46.75
Marketer:		Paul Choi/Matt Motley
 
Counterparty:	Mesa, City of 
Deal No:		765268
Deal Date:   	9/6/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale, 20mw/h, baseload
Term:		6/1/03 to 5/31/13
Delivery Point:	Pinnacle Peak
Fixed Price:		$36.12
Marketer:		Paul Choi/Matt Motley

Counterparty:	Electrical District Number Two, Pinal County
Deal No:		765306
Deal Date:   	9/6/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale, 6 mw/h (June-Aug), baseload
Term:		6/1/02 to 8/31/07
Delivery Point:	Pinnacle Peak
Fixed Price:		$43.50
Marketer:		Paul Choi/Matt Motley

Counterparty:	Electrical District Number Two, Pinal County
Deal No:		765317
Deal Date:   	9/6/01
Deal Specifics:	EPMI sale, 5 mw/h (May-Aug), peak
Term:		5/1/02 to 8/31/12
Delivery Point:	Pinnacle Peak
Fixed Price:		$46.75
Marketer:		Paul Choi/Matt Motley

Credit Reserve for all deals above:  $930,000 (U.S. dollars)

Comments or questions, please reply.

Ed Sacks

   

I'll attend in person. Tx Rick

The meeting will take place at 11:00a.

Please reply and let me know if you will participate in person or via conference call.  The dial-in number is 801-983-4013, please reference Ken Lay.

Thanks,
Joannie
3-1769

Good job. Recoveries down sharply in '01 due to??? Rick

Following is a status of RAC initiated audits in 2001 and year-to-date cash recoveries related to the Merchant Investment Portfolio:

Oil & Gas Joint Venture Audits Completed:

Program		Operator		Gross Claims	Net Claims

Vastar			BP Amoco	$177,432		$  88,716
Hughes-Rawls		EPL		$285,176		$129,954
E. Sour Lake		Adobe		$285,126		$256,613
Total					$747,734		$475,283

Oil & Gas Joint Venture Audits Scheduled:

Program		Operator			Date

Cypress		Meridian Resources	10/01
Juniper			Bois D'Arc Resources	10/01
Vastar			Key Production Co.	12/01

Coal Venture Audits Completed:

Program		Operator		Gross Claims	Net Claims

Jupiter			Cline		$  66,250		$  66,250
Jupiter			Cline		$126,000		$126,000
Total					$192,250		$192,250

DPR                                 Cline	 The audit determined that, contrary to the agreement; excess funds were transferred to an investment account in Chris Cline's name rather than DPR.  Potentially $5.5 million was at risk to Enron.  The situation has been corrected.

Cash recovered in 2001 from Audits as of 9/30/01:

Oil & Gas - 2000			$315,579
Oil & Gas - 2001			$  43,913
Coal				$  66,250
Total				$425,742

Don Rollins
Enron Corporation
Risk Assessment & Control
713-853-9176

Now that Raptor is blown up, should we begin valuation efforts of assets and include in merchant portfolio. I am not familiar with details of how it unwound so I don't know what we are left with. Is this worth a meeting with you or your designesss? Rick

fyi, lets have a mtg. 
Rick,
Let me know if you would like to get together to discuss how the Raptor unwind is accomplished from a mechanical standpoint, as well as, what comes back to Enron in the transaction.  I would happy to sit down and walk you through it.  Just let me know when might work for you to get together.  Thanks Rick,
Ron Baker

I think that all investments that were hedged in Raptor are on th MPR and are being monitored and reported against.  Is this true?  Ron, will you take the lead in making sure we have a smooth transition on this?  Thanks
Now that Raptor is blown up, should we begin valuation efforts of assets and include in merchant portfolio. I am not familiar with details of how it unwound so I don't know what we are left with. Is this worth a meeting with you or your designesss? Rick

I will attend both events. Tx, Rick

Ken Lay is very interested in providing opportunities for the Enron Corp. Board of Directors to become well-acquainted with Enron's management team.  You are invited to join Enron's Board on Monday evening, October 8, at the Four Seasons, Austin Room.   Please come for cocktails at 6:45 p.m., followed by the Executive Session of the Board at 7:00 p.m.  The group invited includes Management Committee members who either head up corporate functions or are the CEOs of business units.  

An agenda will be provided for you Monday evening but, for your information, the Board's working dinner will include a financial update by Rick Causey, an investor relations update by Mark Koenig, other business, and reports on the day's earlier Committee meetings.

Your participation is important. Please RSVP to Kelly Johnson at extension 36485 or via email to kelly.johnson@enron.com by Thursday, October 4th at Noon.

In addition, the entire Management Committee has previously been invited to join the Board for its open session the following day, Tuesday, October 9, beginning at approximately 9 a.m. in the Boardroom and for a seated lunch in 50M following the session.  If you have not responded to Kelly yet, we look forward to hearing from you.  
 
Thanks.  Paula

Kelly M. Johnson
Executive Assistant
Enron Corp.
Tel: 713-853-6485
Fax: 713-853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@enron.com

Ask Port. It was in an appendix to finance comm book. 2 mtgs ago i think. it had pug's q&a as well. Port will know what I'm talking about. Rick

Rick,

Kelly Johnson called and asked for a copy of a presentation that you mentioned to Paula Rieker as presented recently to the Finance Committee.  She said it was called "Distribution of Risk - Enron's Information Advantage".  I don't believe this was included in the formal Finance Committee Book in the past year.  Do you know when it was presented and who prepared the presentation?  I will track down a copy for Paula and for our records.

Thanks for your help,

Sharon Sullo
x31946

Thanks, I'll keep in mind. Its unfortunate we have to develop expertise in this area. Rick

Hi Rick,
If any help is required I have a few tangible "real life" examples of distressed, defaults, and credit watch cases in Metals and I can add value to the group.
Regards,

Diana
	In order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to Enron's Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) group, we have formed a new legal group, which will initially include Lisa Mellencamp (Finance), Marcus Nettelton (Power Trading), Carol St. Clair (Broadband/Power Trading), Mary Cook (Financial Swaps), Peter Keohane (Canada), Ed Essandoh (Retail), Paul Darmitzel (Retail) and Elizabeth Sager (Power Trading) (Team Leader).  This group will focus on, among other things, managing Enron's exposures with bankrupt counterparties, working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices.  The initial members in this group have been drawn from Enron's numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective.   Each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities.

	Within RAC, Michael Tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties, in conjunction with Bill Bradford, who continues to manage the Credit Risk Management group.    

	Please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group.

fyi?? rick
Hi Rick,
If any help is required I have a few tangible "real life" examples of distressed, defaults, and credit watch cases in Metals and I can add value to the group.
Regards,

Diana
	In order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to Enron's Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) group, we have formed a new legal group, which will initially include Lisa Mellencamp (Finance), Marcus Nettelton (Power Trading), Carol St. Clair (Broadband/Power Trading), Mary Cook (Financial Swaps), Peter Keohane (Canada), Ed Essandoh (Retail), Paul Darmitzel (Retail) and Elizabeth Sager (Power Trading) (Team Leader).  This group will focus on, among other things, managing Enron's exposures with bankrupt counterparties, working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices.  The initial members in this group have been drawn from Enron's numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective.   Each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities.

	Within RAC, Michael Tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties, in conjunction with Bill Bradford, who continues to manage the Credit Risk Management group.    

	Please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group.

fyi, we are considering buying a server. rick
FYI - failed to calculate yet today due to "server resource constraints" -  based on prices/position changes my guess is it should not have moved much but yet to confirm.

Have fun. You guys do a great job on the reporting info for BOD and it is appreciated. Rick

Hi Rick,

I just told the reporting group about your generous offer and Kevin, Becky, Lea and I are planning to attend.  We are all very excited and want to thank you for thinking of us.

Sharon

fyi

2nd Try..

(See attached file: 100901CashFlow.xls)

Given me a call if you have any questions.

Todd
 - 100901CashFlow.xls 

I recommend David Port for position of Vice President. Rick Buy

IF THERE ARE ANY MANAGEMENT RECOMMENDATIONS  FOR NEW OFFICERS OF ENRON CORP. OR ITS DIVISIONS PLEASE ADVISE BEFORE WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19TH IN PREPARATION FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING. THANK YOU.

very good thought. i'll pursue. tx rick

Rick - I intend to go to this, but it seems strange that David can't.  Can you make an exception? Seems like he should.  Clearly some Sr. Directors are more active parts of the "management team" than others...

Just a thought,

Cassandra.

As you know, the Enron Management Conference will be held Wednesday through Friday, November 14-16, 2001, at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio, Texas.  

This has been an eventful and challenging year for Enron.  Now,  more than ever,  it is fitting to bring Enron's leaders together.  After all, it is up to our management team to lead our company through these challenging times.  Together, we will define Enron's character and determine Enron's destiny.

We have a great program planned for this year's conference.  I'm delighted that General Norman Schwarzkopf will join us as a keynote speaker on leadership.  I'm equally pleased to welcome back Gary Hamel, who will help us process the past year and prepare for future success.  As I've said before, we are a company that continues to look to the future, and there are many exciting things in store for us.

I look forward to seeing you at this very important meeting.

Regards,
Ken Lay 

NOTE:   This year,  registration for the Management Conference will be conducted electronically.  Below is a link to the online registration website along with instructions for navigating the site.  Everyone must register by Friday, November 2. 

http://www.mplanners.com/enron

When you access the Management Conference online registration website, enter your eMail Address and Password (password: enron) in the specified boxes.  The first time you access the site, you will be prompted to enter your First Name and Last Name.  Once completed, click Submit. 

On the next page, click Sign Up Now to register.  You will be prompted to enter your basic information and make selections for your hotel room, travel and preferred activity.  In the scroll box to the right, you can review and print the conference agenda, a list of activities, as well as travel arrangements and other general information.  

After you have entered the necessary information, you can Review Your Registration or simply Log Out.  Your registration information will be automatically submitted.  

Once registered, you can reaccess the site at any time to review or change previous elections.  When reentering the site, you only need to enter your eMail Address and Password.

If you experience any problems accessing the site, please contact Marge Nadasky at 713-853-6631.

lets discuss need gorte as well. rick

Amongst my take-aways from the A&F Comm meetings was Blake's request for a "lessons learned" session on Raptor. Should we put something together?

fyi
I need to discuss this deal with you...it is essentially a physical option to supply steel to a very large service center with locations in the US and in Europe.  The challenge for you guys will be that it will require a $30mil option payment to them.  Very good deal without credit issues...pls call me when you have a chance.

Sue Ford - Executive Assistant

Enron Industrial Market - Office of the Chairman

Tel: 713-853-5176

Fax: 713-646-5930

sue.ford@enron.com

Sent:   Wednesday, October 10, 2001 11:29 AM

fyi

Sent:   10 October 2001 17:28

Cc:     Garner, Bruce; Bokeloh, Frank; Herbelot, Olivier; Pearce, Christian; Amiry, Homan; Patel, Nish

Simon

I have run an indicative credit reserve which comes out at $15m.

It should be made clear at this stage the number is only indicative and subject to further change and discussion.  Forward price curves and volatilities will need to be confirmed, as will the option structure.

We still want to achieve the best possible contractual terms through pursuing collateral rights and should consider other risk-mitigating options such as bankruptcy protection.  The tenor and $ exposure would warrant sign-off at a very senior level, and will obviously be covered by the DASH approval.

The deal is clearly of great value to Enron, but we should question the motives of Balli in wanting or needing to do this.  How much do we know about their exisiting banking relationships and ability to access funding at present?

I'm sure we will discuss further.

Paul

Sent:   09 October 2001 19:51

Cc:     Garner, Bruce; Bokeloh, Frank; Maley, Paul

Ted

Bruce Garner has asked me to bring you into a trade we're looking at with Balli-Klockner (BK). Ken Curry was asked to evaluate a related proposal a week back but is now on holiday and Rebecca Phillips was not brought up to speed. This latest proposal would be a European trade and the client is under time constraints and keen to move fast.

The transaction is as follows:

Enron has the right to sell to BK physical Hot Rolled Coil steel at Index (CRU HRC) + 7.5% 

Start:  Jan2002

End:    Dec2016

Tonnage:        500 000 Metric Tonnes per annum (total tonnage: 7.5 million MT)

Enron pays a premium of 30 million USD upon contracting.

The CRU Index is Enron's benchmark steel index and physical steel trades at Index flat. There is thus 7.5% intrinsic value in the puts which translates to approx. $75 million USD in present value terms ($45million net of premium).

Our counterparty would be the parent of the soon to be combined Balli Klockner PLC and the various Balli service centres soon to be merged (BK Holdings Ltd UK). BK are not offering us additional credit relief, ie. bank guarantees, LC's, insurance bonds, etc. Your help in establishing our appetite and an appropriate credit charge for this transaction would be much appreciated.

Many thanks

Simon Cose

#32628

fyi- this sound familiar? rick
I need to discuss this deal with you...it is essentially a physical option to supply steel to a very large service center with locations in the US and in Europe.  The challenge for you guys will be that it will require a $30mil option payment to them.  Very good deal without credit issues...pls call me when you have a chance.

Sue Ford - Executive Assistant

Enron Industrial Market - Office of the Chairman

Tel: 713-853-5176

Fax: 713-646-5930

sue.ford@enron.com

Sent:   Wednesday, October 10, 2001 11:29 AM

fyi

Sent:   10 October 2001 17:28

Cc:     Garner, Bruce; Bokeloh, Frank; Herbelot, Olivier; Pearce, Christian; Amiry, Homan; Patel, Nish

Simon

I have run an indicative credit reserve which comes out at $15m.

It should be made clear at this stage the number is only indicative and subject to further change and discussion.  Forward price curves and volatilities will need to be confirmed, as will the option structure.

We still want to achieve the best possible contractual terms through pursuing collateral rights and should consider other risk-mitigating options such as bankruptcy protection.  The tenor and $ exposure would warrant sign-off at a very senior level, and will obviously be covered by the DASH approval.

The deal is clearly of great value to Enron, but we should question the motives of Balli in wanting or needing to do this.  How much do we know about their exisiting banking relationships and ability to access funding at present?

I'm sure we will discuss further.

Paul

Sent:   09 October 2001 19:51

Cc:     Garner, Bruce; Bokeloh, Frank; Maley, Paul

Ted

Bruce Garner has asked me to bring you into a trade we're looking at with Balli-Klockner (BK). Ken Curry was asked to evaluate a related proposal a week back but is now on holiday and Rebecca Phillips was not brought up to speed. This latest proposal would be a European trade and the client is under time constraints and keen to move fast.

The transaction is as follows:

Enron has the right to sell to BK physical Hot Rolled Coil steel at Index (CRU HRC) + 7.5% 

Start:  Jan2002

End:    Dec2016

Tonnage:        500 000 Metric Tonnes per annum (total tonnage: 7.5 million MT)

Enron pays a premium of 30 million USD upon contracting.

The CRU Index is Enron's benchmark steel index and physical steel trades at Index flat. There is thus 7.5% intrinsic value in the puts which translates to approx. $75 million USD in present value terms ($45million net of premium).

Our counterparty would be the parent of the soon to be combined Balli Klockner PLC and the various Balli service centres soon to be merged (BK Holdings Ltd UK). BK are not offering us additional credit relief, ie. bank guarantees, LC's, insurance bonds, etc. Your help in establishing our appetite and an appropriate credit charge for this transaction would be much appreciated.

Many thanks

Simon Cose

#32628

So noted. Watch is a defined term in our system but doesn't mean you don't "watch" everything else. So long, and may all your investments remain "performing". Rick

For future reference, please note that all of our investments are "on watch" all of the time.  Any concept to the contrary seems absurd.  
 
Thanks,
KG
 

Please see the attached EPI Watch List.  If you have any questions, please contact Rick Carson at 3-3905 or Lynn Bellinghausen at 5-7346.

<<EPI Final Watch Report 9-30-01.pdf>> 

Why would they already have received "funds". Rick

Please note the following addition to the credit reserve for October 2001:

CP:  Alberta Direct - Hedges (for Federated Co-operatives Limited)
Deal No: 802844
Deal Date:  10/03/01
Deal Specifics:  ECC sells financial swap to CP
Term:  1/1/2002 thru 12/31/2007
Volume:  9.44188 MW/h, 7x24
Price:  Fixed $67.044 CAD
Region:  Alberta Power Pool
Trader/Mid-Marketer:  John Zufferli/Derek Davies
Credit Reserve Amount:  $175,000 CAD

RAC: transaction confirmed under 9/4/01 ISDA Master Agreement between ECC and Enron Direct Canada Corp

You should have already received these funds.  Please call me with any questions or comments.

Thank you
Wendy Conwell

Tx. I often wonder if all reserve amounts agreed to find there way to the general ledger reserve. Rick

Bill Bradford quoted the reserve to Derek Davies prior to the deal being booked and Derek informed me that once the deal was book they sent the requested amount.  I will call Kathy Reeves in Calgary to confirm.  Should you have any other questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me.

Thanks
Wendy  

Why would they already have received "funds". Rick

Please note the following addition to the credit reserve for October 2001:

CP:  Alberta Direct - Hedges (for Federated Co-operatives Limited)
Deal No: 802844
Deal Date:  10/03/01
Deal Specifics:  ECC sells financial swap to CP
Term:  1/1/2002 thru 12/31/2007
Volume:  9.44188 MW/h, 7x24
Price:  Fixed $67.044 CAD
Region:  Alberta Power Pool
Trader/Mid-Marketer:  John Zufferli/Derek Davies
Credit Reserve Amount:  $175,000 CAD

RAC: transaction confirmed under 9/4/01 ISDA Master Agreement between ECC and Enron Direct Canada Corp

You should have already received these funds.  Please call me with any questions or comments.

Thank you
Wendy Conwell

I had my weekly update meeting with my team on metals and was quite encouraged by the report. Seems like real good progress on all fronts. As400 systems work, var implementation and trading results all seemed positive. Some issues around SAP/AS400 reconciliation but recognized.

Metals was one of my biggest worries but has slipped way down the list. Great work to your team. 

Rick

i think i would to attend the weekly meeting with haedicke. can you get me invited? tx rick

All:

We have set up the following recurring meetings:

1. One hour on Thursdays with Mark Haedicke and his legal team
2. One half hour on Monday and Wednesday with Bill, Molly, Teresa, Sharon, Tracey, and Lisa.  Also Rita Bohner, Paul Darmitzel and Ed Essandoh of EES legal will attend.   This meeting will be primarily for the dealing with the high volume of small EES deals.   The aim is to define the process and drill on implementation (notices, termination, physical disconnection, proofs of claim, etc.).    Molly has made great strides here.
3. Sharon Sullo and Tracey Kozadinos are developing a standardized database for the effort.   Debbie Brackett has gotten involved on system feeds.  More to come on this.

The initial thoughts with Mark Haedicke were to parse the debtors into two or three baskets.   Smallest size would be a process.  We are grappling with whether we need a mid size and a large size process.

As not all these deals show up on the Hot Deals Report.   I have scratched out the top ten, high touch, efforts below:

1. PG&E
2. Edison
3. 360
4. NPW
5. Polaroid
6. California PX
7. Global Crossing
8. DPC LNG
9. EPIK
10. Cuiab? Turbine 11

Regards,

Michael

Is this case consolidated as well as the others? Rick

Good evening, everyone.  Mike Peterson, who many of you have met and who is working with J.C. on your case, asked me to send the following e-mail to you:

The lawyers for Amalgamated Bank filed an amended class action complaint yesterday. Based on our initial comparison of the amended complaint versus the original one (our comparison was "line by line" but not "word for word"), it appears that the only change was to add four specific requests for relief at the very end of the complaint - namely, "to order an accounting of insider-trading proceeds," "disgorgement of insider-trading proceeds," "restitution of investors' monies of which they were defrauded," and "as to the section 11 claims, awarding rescission or a rescissionary measure of damages." These additions are technical in nature and probably were designed principally to preempt any copycat suits by other plaintiffs' attorneys. The amended complaint does not appear to contain any revision of the factual allegations or asserted causes of action. If you nonetheless would like your own copy of the amended complaint (all 78 pages), just let me know and I will send it to you.

This e-mail and any attached files may be confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege. If you received it in error, please immediately notify the sender by return e-mail or by calling (713)654-7600. 

fyi, any thoughts? rick
Rick:

Please find attached an EIM report on our prospective counterparty(ies) on the Balli-Klockner $40m steel prepay.  We received this report from EIM after informing them that we would require a background check by Lynn's team before proceeding.  

Apparently, Enron closed a deal in the US earlier this year with WeBco which is a joint venture between Balli Group and Wierton Steel.  The commercial team is arguing that RAC and others must have investigated the allegations below at the time, but obviously felt comfortable enough to let the deal proceed.  

I believe that Ted is planning to give you a call on this to discuss.  

Regards.

Olivier

PS:  I am forwarding you another email we received from EIM on the same subject. 
FYI........
	  	

Dear Greg,

Attached is an update to my initial report on Balli Group and the Alaghband family.  

I have obtained a copy of the 1994 House of Representatives report referenced in the March 1999 Der Spiegel article I noted in my initial report.  This House report contains derogatory allegations about the Alaghband family and their business practices -- the relevant section is included in the attached update.  Sources note that the author of the report was known for "sensational" writing on topics difficult to verify.

I have also included excerpts of an interview with another source -- an Iranian businessman based in London who is a close personal and professional contact of the Alaghband family.  His comments are positive, barring Vahid Alaghband's alleged tendency to hold bills, and provide some additional information on the family and their  associations.  

I believe this wraps up all outstanding inquiries on this matter.  Please let me know if you have questions or areas for additional inquiry.

Best regards,

Kimberly
x. 53587

 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>

have fun

Rick,

I plan to take Friday, November 2, 2001 as a vacation day in order to go to Pennsylvania for my in-laws' 50th Anniversary party that night (I will actually leave on Thursday, November 1, 2001).  Please let me know if this causes any problems.

Regards,

Dave

We should meet next week and discuss who is doing what to who in your group. I have lost  track of some of the names. Nice update, thanks. Rick

Rick:  In addition to our normal activities related to board reporting, PortRAC maintenance, compliance and SWAT work, we have the following major project initiatives underway:

DASH SPENDING CONTROLS - We are leading the team to develop an "AFE-type" cost accumulation system so that every project in Enron will have accurate and timely cost expenditure numbers to ensure that appropriate DASH's and approval levels have been obtained.

BANKRUPTCY REPORTING DATA - We have taken responsibility for developing the reporting function for the new bankruptcy group.  We are working with Michael T. and Credit to develop what data we need, where in the organization we get it and what kind of reports we generate with it.

POST TRANSACTION REVIEWS -  We will provide the primary resources to perform these Board mandated reviews.  Paper mills, Garden State and Daishowa will be reviewed this quarter in conjuction with Underwriting.

EES - We are working with Credit to monitor the EES project list as well as assisting them in some counterparty and credit scoring work related to EES's mass marketing effort.

PortRAC ENHANCEMENTS - We have completed the executive demos with very positive comments about the functionality of the system.  Some of them (including Louise Kitchen) commented that they missed their hard copy snapshots so we are enhancing PortRAC to make it easier to print an entire snapshot book for a business unit with the "push of a button".

If you have any other "big" projects that you want us to tackle, please let me know.   Thanks,     Rick C.

Ted- I am taking 10-18-01 off. I'll have my cell phone if needed. I informed McMahon about Bali Klockner. He was unaware of issue. Rick

will do. i keep losing people though so it changes the landscape. rick

Rick, 

We are still going to need the business rationale for each employee placed on a retention or milestone program. This information will be required by the creditors. Please let me know if I can be of any assistance. 

Regards,
Frank

As per our discussion, the first step was to identify the participants in the retention program. The next step is to build the business case for why these employees are critical and irreplaceable to your business unit. Please provided a brief rational for why these employees were selected. Additionally, if there is a unique situation or circumstance that makes your area more vulnerable, please included in an overall business summary. For example: if your unit has a limited number of people supporting a critical area necessary to maintaining or increasing the value of the estate or the liquidation of assets, include this in your business summary. 

Demonstrate why it would be difficult to train someone else to perform a similar function. You should also comment on why the employee was recommended for the Milestone Program.  As you know this information is time sensitive, so please try and get it to me as soon as possible.  I appreciate you taking time out of your busy schedule to meet with me on such short notice.  Please call me (5x3662) if you have any questions. 

Regards,
Frank

Here it is I hope.

Rick

 

Be sure not to take 6.6 days. Rick

Rick,
I have 6.5 days of vacation left
I have planned to take dec 17 - dec 19 (Mon-Wed).  I will be back in the office Thurs 12/20 and plan to be available through the holidays and after that as long as needed.  Pat Cini has agreed to be in the office on those days and I will be available via mobile.
Thanks
Ted

Ted- I talked to Fallon about this and he said someone was going to get on it. I understand your concern. Rick

Tim,
I have just recieved my pay stub for the period ending 11/30/01.
For the first time, it shows an incredibly disturbing number related to imputed income.
Total Earnings = $352,171
Total Earnings plus Imputed = $1,338, 394.08 
Taxes withheld = $19,895.

I do not have any clue as what this imputed income is or why it may be attributed to me.  However,  as I understand it, I am liable for the taxes to the IRS even though I received no benefit. From our last conversation, I was told that $57k was sent to IRS to settle this amount and ?86k for uK liabilities. My calculation of the liability is much higher - somewhere in the neighborhood of 40% x 1,338,395 or $535,358.  Please give me a full accounting of the taxable liabilities incurred by Enron on my behalf for the tax year 2001 for both the us and uk and the tax payments made. I would appreciate that this could be done in the next 24 hours as it is causing immense stress.  

I also spoke to PWC in the UK 2 minutes ago who told me that they were not doing any work for Enron at the moment.

Ted

I have fixed our slide. Rick

Attached is the draft presentation of the internal controls component of the audit.  We are only planning on including the first 4 of 8 pages.   The last 4 pages were built anticipating Andersen being involved and are included here for reference only.

Page 4 is the RAC component. 

Thanks,

Andrew

 << File: Audit Ctee Dec 10 draft6.ppt >> 

Liz- Trip and dinner meeting went well. I have receipts for expenses so if you can tell me how to process I will. Thanks for all your help. Rick Buy

Hi Rick,

As promised, attached is your travel information.  At 6:30 tomorrow, please
plan on meeting Lyn Maddox, Tom Boren, Chris Iribe and Tom King at 6:30 Ruth
Chris Steak House (301/652-7877)	7317 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda.  In
case you need it Lyn's cell phone number is (301) 704-6738.  Please let me
know if you need anything else.  With respect to any expenses you incur I
will e-mail you an expense reimbursement form. Please let me know if you
have any additional questions.

Thank you
Liz Fricke

PG&E National Energy Group and any other
company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or
logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and
Electric Company, the regulated California utility.  Neither
PG&E National Energy Group nor these other
referenced companies are regulated by the California Public
Utilities Commission.  Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company
do not have to buy products from these companies in order
to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.

Congrats big time. Best of luck and stay in touch. Rick 
Rick Buy

Weather is bad here. Will be a while. If anyone asks just say I'm in Dallas and you don't know why. What a pain. Rick
Rick Buy

It went well. Can you pick me Up at 11,09 am . Cont flt 659. Meet at arriving passenger area at lower level. Its raining here. Love me.
Rick Buy

FYI- what is this? Do you need to be there? Rick
Rick Buy
Bob Bennett, the Skadden Arps lawyer who has been retained by the Company to represent it in the Congressional Committees' investigations, will be here next Thursday and Friday, December 20-21, to meet with you about the interviews the staff attorney for the House Energy and Commerce has requested with you.  I will let you know the time and place.

Please call me with any questions. 

Retained- Houston office. Tx, Rick

Rick, 

What is Rudi Zipter's status?  He has sent a couple of emails to Bobbi Tessandori our immigration representative .  He has taken vacation and paternity and repatriated back to the US.  Is he working in the office? Is he going to be retained? Please advise.

Regards,
Frank  

This has info on benefits you should read. Love, me

Updated questions and answers for Enron employees have just been posted to http://home.enron.com/updates/qa.html  
We recognize that as active employees you have special concerns and questions related to Enron's bankruptcy filing.  We regret that we are not able to answer all of your questions as quickly as you deserve, but we are working to provide accurate responses to your most important questions about employee benefits, expense payments and so on.  We appreciate your patience as we continue to try to provide timely and reliable information to you. 

no some people are in both for the moment. rick

Should we use a process of elimination to work out who is in Newco?

We now have a structure in place dealing with Enron Americas estate and ensuring that we best maximize all of our contractual and asset positions.  This team will be headed by Don Miller going forward please help him and the team as this is our highest priority.

Some areas of this organization remain blank and will be completed by Don and the head of the appropriate business unit.  There are some areas which will also be dual tasking for a period.

 << File: Org Chart.xls >> 
Louise

Bill- there is no issue with the garage as yet. Subsidy is still in place and bills are being paid per Steve Kean and Steve Woods. If you want to move to new garage it probably can be arranged. Let me know and I can get the person to get it started for you and anyone else. I think there is plenty of parking available. Rick

Any news on 16b status. There is a BOD meeting tonight. Rick

Fine my me. Rick

Rick, I've been asked to supply your employment agreement to the Enron North Amercia HR team.  Please write back indicating your approval for this information to be sent.  THanks.

Pam

As we go into a possible deal with someone on Netco, we need to screen info transmitted to parties carefully and try to not send something if possible. If we need to transmit info out lets review it before it goes. Lavo or one of his people may want to review as well. Thanks Rick

fyi what is this??? rick

REMINDER:  A PGE Risk Management meeting is planned for this 
Friday, December 14th from 10-11:30 am PST.  

To participate in the discussion, please use the following number:

503-464-2663

Thank you.

Cristal Metz
Executive Assistant, PGE
503-464-8997

My office is fine. We will still meet prior to that as scheduled I presume. I also would like a debriefing on Friday's hearing. Thanks Rick Buy

We will be meeting with Wilmer Cutler at 10:00 a.m. on 12/12/01.  I told 
them we could do it in your office, but if you would like to do it somewhere 
else, just let me know. 

Paul D. Flack 
Clements, O'Neill, Pierce, Nickens & Wilson, L.L.P. 
1000 Louisiana, Suite 1800 
Houston, Texas  77002 
(713) 654-7615 
(713) 654-7690 (fax) 
flack@copn.com 

This e-mail and any attached files may be confidential and subject to 
attorney/client privilege.  If you received it in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by return e-mail or by calling (713)654-7600. 

Jim- Please add Michael Tribolet to EIM lead position for RAC. I will have a little crossover due to skill sets which I assume is ok, you really just need a lead to coordinate and manage the process. Lets meet on Monday. Can someone that is in Netco also be one of these coordinators? Rick

All, 

We had a preliminary meeting on Friday.  The attached is a summary of the matrix we developed as well as changes from subsequent e-mails.  Note, only one name has been placed in the matrix where two may have been suggested - if the name is not correct then please e-mail me back as soon as possible - only person per box please.  The names placed in the matrix will be directly responsible to the estate.

We need to meet Monday to: (1) agree on the matrix; (2) develop detailed processes for capturing value (trade books, structured deals, hard assets and business sales); (3) understand the approval process required on a go forward basis; (4) develop compensation / retention program for estate, (5) address any administrative concerns.

If you have not done so, please check the names in the matrix to ensure that they are correct and please send me any changes as well as their full names to be utilized for future e-mails.

Regards, 

Jim 

<<REORG1.doc>> 

 

 

Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick

Rick,

FYI, see Rudi's note below. 

Regards,
Frank

FYI

Our greatest glory is not in never failing but in rising up every time we fail.  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Best Regards, 
Bobbi
International Human Resources
tel:    713 345 2809
fax:   713 646 9501 (eff. 22 Jan 2002)
work space: ECN 1638-A (eff 22 Jan 2002)
1400 Smith St, Houston, TX 77002-7361
email: bobbi.tessandori@enron.com

Bobbi --
In the midst of the Enron bankruptcy in december, I discussed my situation ( my wife's late term pregnancy)  with my immediate supervisor Ted Murphy.  We agreed that with the uncertainty, we should return to Houston and check with Ted's Houston team for next steps.  When I returned to Houston and requested information on my work status, no one was able to inform me whether I was employed or had been laid off.  At this point, I decided to use my outstanding vacation time to find a place to live and prepare for the baby.
We are expecting the baby's arrival at any time.  Afterwards, I will take a paternity leave and discuss my options with Ted at that time.
Regards,
Rudi
PS  feel free to call me at 281-893-9984 with questions.

Had a great meeting. I'm quite interested as I told Lyn. Thanks for your help in quickly setting this up. If you have any follow up comments don't hesitate to call. Rick Buy
Rick Buy

Thanks good job. You can Explain this to me next week or overthe weekend. Thanks again. Rick Buy
Rick Buy

Lyn- I was good to meet with you on Thursday. Its amazing how similar our issues are and the approaches we use to address them. I spoke with my wife and we concluded it is probably a great idea to pursue something outside of Enron so I would definitely like to continue our discussions if you think appropriate. Look forward to talking to you further.

Thanks, Rick Buy

Marcy- be happy to talk to him today or tomorrow. Give me a call. Rick Buy 713-853-4739

Dear Rick:

Just a quick followup to my voice mail of earlier this afternoon---

I represent an Executive Search Firm based in Atlanta and have been retained by an international leader in the energy industry to pursue Director-level talent; as it happens, my client has recently indicated an express interest in speaking with you.  Since I'd imagine you've been inundated with calls and e-mails similar to mine, in an effort to eliminate any confusion I should tell you that we tried to contact you yesterday (my associate, Michael Allen, left you a voice mail).

I understand that the environment at Enron must be a challenging one at this point; however, if you're interested in talking/listening and are in a position to take a short break, the President/COO of my client company is in Houston today and is curious as to whether you'd by some remote chance be free this afternoon or evening for a brief chat.  I realize that this is highly unorthodox, but also feel that standing on ceremony is perhaps not always the most prudent approach.

I'll wait to hear from you in regard to your interest level---and if you're not available today (as I'm assuming to be the case), we can obviously reschedule for a time that's a bit more reasonable.  Thanks---

Sincerely,

Marcy Brinegar
MBM Consultants
(770) 886-6202
(770) 886-8202 (fax)
brinconsult@aol.com
mbmconsult@adelphia.net 

I need 45 minutes max for finance comm meeting. Rick

As you are aware, we are in the process of rescheduling the Enron Corp. Board of Directors meeting.  Due to the proximity of the Holidays we will hold committee meetings and Board meeting on the same day. 

Therefore, please let us know today the minimum amount of time you would need for your respective committee meetings.  

Please be aware that some of our Directors will be joining the meeting via teleconference and we will therefore need to do all mail outs at least one week in advance.

As soon as we have a firm date for the Board meeting, we will advise you.

Thank you.

Laura Valencia
Executive Assistant
Tel:  713-853-6485
Fax:  713/853-2534

Yes- There are no deals to review and I don't attend board meetings anymore. Please get me off. Call me if you need more details. Tx Rick

Rick:  We can and will if the facts support it---have your title, duties and  responsibilities changed in light of the developments of the last several weeks?    Thanks, Rex

I completely agree. Please take me off this list. Thanks, Rick

Paula and Rex - I have mentioned this several times in the past several weeks, but have not received an answer.  Isn't it time to significantly adjust our 16b list?  There is clearly a new management team making the key decisions, and with all of the frequent Board meetings, it should be easy to do.  Thanks.  MEK

I completely agree. Please take me off this list. Thanks, Rick

Paula and Rex - I have mentioned this several times in the past several weeks, but have not received an answer.  Isn't it time to significantly adjust our 16b list?  There is clearly a new management team making the key decisions, and with all of the frequent Board meetings, it should be easy to do.  Thanks.  MEK

fyi, rick

We are in the process of rescheduling the Enron Corp. Board of Directors meeting (originally scheduled for December 10-11, 2001).  
We will confirm new dates as soon as possible.

Please call me if you have any questions at 3-6485.  Thank you.

Laura Valencia
Executive Assistant
Tel:  713-853-6485
Fax:  713/853-2534

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the indented recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you receive this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

thanks for note. laid off two thirds of staff on monday. have learned a tremendous amount and may go on lecture circuit. i wonder if a board of directors would pay to hear my story? all is ok thanks, rick

I assume that you are doing OK.

While it's painful now, several years ahead you will be able to look back on
the whole thing realize how much one has learned from this experience.

hang in.

reach out if you need help.

caf
If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution
or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited
and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice
contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in
the governing KPMG client engagement letter.         

Took a call from Bill Cronin at New Power  today. He requested that they be able to deal with commercial customers that were off limits before, ie medium commercial or large commercial. He also mentioned that they may have an interesty in some of the people. Any thoughts?

 Rick

I think we do not need Board Approval, but they should be notified at the next meeting. I believe I discussed this with Pug and that is what we concluded. Therefore, we need a new DASH and a quick summary of transaction which would include changes from original deal. Rick

Conferring with Gorte, we need a new DASH for the India sale due to 
1) the time since signing (5 months)
2) downward change in purchase price
3) general change in circumstances of Enron
 
In addition to updating the numbers (as we discussed this morning), we should include
an ownership structure diagram and a legal risk memo concerning what bankruptcy 
related approvals are required (if any).
 
Whether or not Board approval is required is possibly an open issue. We will research.   

Any thoughts on this? Rick

Please see attached letter from Scott Josey. Thank you.

Donna M. Cagle
Executive Administrator to President & CEO
Mariner Energy, Inc.
580 WestLake Park Blvd., Suite 1300
Houston, TX  77079
281/584-5511 (phone)     281/584-5515 (fax)
dcagle@mariner-energy.com

 <<Board Letter 12-4-01.doc>> 

fyi- I don't feel we have tight coordination on info xfer to these guys. I have scheduled a meeting to discuss. rick

Mr. Buy,

Please find attached the list of UBS Warburg Credit Risk Control 
contacts as described by Bill Glass during today's phone conversation. 
We are looking forward to working with you and your staff.

Kind regards,
Urs Widmer
UBS Warburg

fyi- don't forward to anyone. Rick

Kevin, given the track record of mis-behaviour, I don't fault you with the =
premise of guilt before understanding.  But I would like to assure you that=
 despite the high valuations externally, which I probably agree are fantasy=
, The Facility Services Group has a clear vision/market; it has a quality m=
anagement team; it will be under my thumb and it is conservatively valued i=
n the books.  It is much more that a Blockbuster or other like structure.  =
If you would like to discuss in detail do not hesitate to give me a call an=
d I will take you through it - both overall strategy and tactics.  Even tho=
ugh it has been a confluence of events which has caused our problems, the f=
undamental root of most issues is an inactive management team which hasn't =
managed the detail as well as we would like.  New Power in my view would no=
t have been as big a loser if we had kept it private and managed it closely=
 as a key part of the business.  Instead we took it public and let it run a=
mok.  I think you can see parallels across the company.  Initially well int=
entioned and thought out strategies fall apart when not managed appropriate=
ly.

Regards
Delainey

John- I received this and have no idea as to its origin. Do with as you will. Rick

Dear Enron's topmanagement,
We are not only concerned on the crashed stock but also Enron's
situation in Japan. The business here is too difficult!!!
How do you know the current situation here:

  > Bad Reputation in Japan - if you say you are from Enron people will say 
"No"
  > Ignorance of Japanese Business - wasting many time on TOCOM, a market
    controlled by mafia, those minor comnies want to cheat Enron's money
  > Unsatisfactory business environment - deregulation will not proceed in 
three
    years
  > Poor manegment - the office is like a kindergarden, the so called 
"experts"
    have serious discrimmination with local staff; They do nothing 
themselves just
    ask the local "slave" to work hard and they go to vacation or business 
trip
  > "Sato" means sweet in Japanese but Sato Project is not so sweet as you 
think!
    Have you expected another "E-power"?

I have to say we are so dispointed with Enron!!!! Enron Japan is at the 
entrance
of "Bermuda Triangle", we worry when will it dispear?

Sato
Enron Japan

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

Thanks. Hopefully we will have some sort of official statement today to restore confidence. Tough situation. Rick

Guys,

As of this morning, these are the counterparties that are not trading with us:

BHP Billiton--no coal, yes vessels

Koch-generally no crude and products, but they have traded some small weather products.

Shell  (Stasco, Equiva)--no trades

Bank of Montreal--no trades  (started several weeks ago)

Phibro--appear to be no trades, but hard to confirm

BP--no trades.

Diamond Shamrock has a very small spread position on with us, and asked us to find someone to stand between.

Sempra is looking at their exposure to us in physical products, and asking questions about our docs.

Innogy--In Europe, no longer trading weather with us.

ICE--The Majors have cut us off.

More info to follow as discovered.

Jeff

fyi thoughts? rick

I know you guys are all very busy right now, but we are trying to move forward on the Doorstep activities.

Last I heard you and Rick Causey definitely wanted us to do the London ones.

Any help you can provide in terms of finding a RAC resource to help on this on  would be appreciated.

Beth

Dear Ted,

We are all set for the metals doorstep to be performed the week of Nov. 5th with the exception of a name for the RAC resource.  We are starting to plan the review and would like to involve RAC.  Who have you designated as the RAC resource (Brenda Herod from Operations will be the person responsible from the operations side)?  

I'd like to get Brenda and RAC together some time this week if possible.

Thanks!

Shona 
X39123

Joe - should I get some lunch ordered? Rick

We need to talk today on what we say to ctpies. AES called for $50 million and Louise wants to keep them happy. Others are slowly restricting us in various ways. We need a story. Rick

Joe- Where is liquidity group meeting. My group wants to spend some time with them and then reconvene with us to discuss book position s. Rick 3-4739

Glad it was worthwhile for you. We'll have more. Rick

Rick,

This email was supposed to be delivered the week after the Happy Hour. Something went wrong and it never got delivered. I still want you and Karen to read it. 

Rick,

Thank you for inviting us to the Happy Hour last week. As always these events help us to break the silos in which we tend to work some 
times. In this occasion I made two new friends and had the opportunity to discuss business maters with the people that work in Rick Carson group. After finishing the 3-Quarter revaluation process, I feel that Underwriting and Due Diligence can work much more closer, shearing information and experiences from the Due diligence site visits.  

Happy boss day 

Jim- Do you have a list of who I talked to in Houston and their affiliation. I would like to keep straight who I have spoken with. The only card I received is from Michael Geffroy. Let me know if there is a problem with this request. Thanks, Rick Buy

starting to. rick

Do you think they are getting the message?

Thanks for letting me know about this.  I have copied Bob Hall, since he manages daily operations for EA I know that he would want to be aware of critical issues, particularly at this time.  I will also use this as an illustration with the rest of my team during a staff meeting tomorrow morning so that my direct reports who manage operations across all commodities will be aware of the potential risks created with manual wires.  --Sally 

Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever!!!!

Teresa,

Pursuant to a discussion you had with Debbie Brackett last month regarding manual wires not process through SAP impacts the return of collateral a great deal.   It is very important that these manual wires be processed immediately in order for us to receive the correct feeds from SAP and calculate the correct net exposures for each counterparty.

Today, Melissa Ratnala confirmed that we made a manual payment to Reliant Energy Services on October 10th in the amount of $57MM.  Unfortunately, we were not advised of the payment and it was not reflected in the SAP feeds.  This resulted in Reliant holding $57MM collateral for an additional 12 days.  The management of cash collateral is extremely important and we need accurate information, in order to manage our daily cash position.  

Please advise of any other counterparty that manual wires were made.  

How can we resolve this issue promptly?

Thanks,

Veronica Gonzalez
Credit Analyst
Enron Corp.
Phone: (713) 853-0511
Fax: (713) 853-9476

This is not fun. Rick

hi Rick.

Read sunday New York Times story on enron.  I believe I can relate to some
of things you must be going through.  Let me know if there is anything I can
do to help.  Fishkin chip still good.

I belive my recent article, previously sent, may be applicable, and
therefore I attach it

charles <<Everyman.pdf>> .  

If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution
or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited
and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice
contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in
the governing KPMG client engagement letter.         

Please ring Draper at AEP

Current position:

We have paid them all of the margin  they have contractual rights for - $33.5mm gone out today which is margin under our financial gas contract.
However, they want full collateral on all of their power position (this is being driven by Bill Reid on their power floor -ex Enron employee), the amount is another $220mm (they have no collateral rights to this). 

Essentially, the credit guy (Frank Hilton) is hurting us in the market and anything you can do to help is appreciated.  I believe some of this is vindictive behaviour from an ex-employee and senior management may not know what he is up to.

Louise

Tel 011447778757656

(care of Rick's email)

good.

my personal email is ourternrbb@aol.com 

tx rick

Per Rick Buy's request, we are developing procedures so that the head of each RAC department will have a current list of emergency contact numbers for all RAC employees.  I have outlined the plan below:

The Assistant in each group will be responsible for updating home telephone numbers, cellular phone numbers and home addresses for each member of their group.  Rita Hennessy will consolidate the list for all of RAC on a monthly basis.
The monthly update will be emailed to the personal email address of each department head or their designee.  This update should be stored on a personal computer until the next monthly update is received.
Two hard-copies of the monthly update will be maintained in a file at the home of Rick Carson and at the home of Sharon Sullo.

If this plan is acceptable to you, please let me know the personal email address to use.  Please call me with comments or questions.

Thanks,

Sharon 
x31946

Thanks for invitation but I had better hang loose during this crisis. Keep me in mind in the future. Thanks Rick Buy

Per my voicemail ...
Please let me know if you'd like to go.  It's not urgent at all ...
Thanks!
Misha
 
Honorary Chairmen 
President and Mrs. George H. W. Bush
 
Chairmen
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Coneway
Mr. and Mrs. William Wise
 
Request the Pleasure of Your Company
for an Evening of Entertainment
Celebrating 60 Years of Excellence
at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center
 
 
Thursday, November 1, 2001
6 p.m. General Reception
7 p.m. Dinner
8:30 p.m. Entertainment
 
featuring
 
The Houston Symphony
and 
Special Guests
 
Enron Field
Houston, Texas
 
Valet Parking
Cocktail Attire

can't make investment recommendations, but maybe we can go in on a duplex in south louisiana. we could be investment advisors to shrimpers. what a mess. see ya rick

Do I (a) average down on ENE, (b) hang in there or (c) bail like the rest of
the 50mm shares today?  Hope your not biting your tongue again.  Gary.  

Hi Jule- thought about your comment about Fidelity. You need to get those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you. Don't call the jerk. Call the 800 number. You should carefully manage your money. It is very important. Love, Dad.

Hi Jule- thought about your comment about Fidelity. You need to get
those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that
stuff to you. Don't call the jerk. Call the 800 number. You should
carefully manage your money. It is very important. Love, Dad.

Please circ to all of RAC.

I want to thank everyone for their hard work during these trying times. Lots of our efforts in the past building systems, procedures and infrastructure pay off in times like these. Feedback from both Citibank and JPM/Chase and Enron's Board members has been very positive relative to RAC. Congratulations to all.

On another note I want to caution everyone in the group from making negative statements in the presence of ours and other groups, especially more junior members of these groups. Because they come from RAC they are not considered idle commentary and can be, and have been, damaging to morale to these people. We all speculate about the state of affairs and it is a good stress relief but we can not be a part of morale reducing behavior.

Things are not back to normal but they are improving. Upon receipt of commitment from banks, hopefully later today or early tomorrow, our short term issues should be resolved. Lots of activities are underway to address medium term and long term solutions. In the mean time, keep smiling.

Rick

Bill should have copied you. Fyi, Rick
Tim/Jeff,

Attached are the list of questions for Monday's Duke meeting.

Bill

A shorter version of questions.

(See attached file: Enron Questions 10-31-01.doc)

Janna Blanter
Director, Credit Operations
Duke Energy
5400 Westheimer Court
Houston, Texas 77056
(713) 627-6137
(713) 627-6187 fax
                    Janna Blanter
Bill,

Our Chief Credit Officer would like to arrange a meeting tomorrow.  I would
like to leave it to you to decide who the appropriate representatives from
Enron should be based upon the attached file with questions we would like
to have answered.  Please let me know at your earliest convenience when we
can meet.  I am moving offices today and the easiest way to get in touch
with me today will be via cell phone 713-301-5958.  I look forward to
hearing from you shortly.  Thanks.

Janna Blanter
Director, Credit Operations
Duke Energy
5400 Westheimer Court
Houston, Texas 77056
(713) 627-6137
(713) 627-6187 fax

(See attached file: Enron Questions 10-31-01.doc)

 - Enron Questions 10-31-01.doc 
 - Enron Questions 10-31-01.doc 

I am available but I know almost nothing about the Dynegy case. Rick
The people from Weil Gotshal would like to talk to you about the Dynegy case on 1/25/02.  Are you available that date?  Let me know and I will arrange a time, so that we can sit in.

Looks fine to me. Tx Rick

Please provide comments to the attached excerpt by November 2nd. If you approve as written, please let us know. Regards, Paula

 << File: BUY 10-8-01.doc >> 

Kelly M. Johnson
Executive Assistant
Enron Corp.
Tel: 713-853-6485
Fax: 713-853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@enron.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you receive this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.

test

fyi- 

Rick.

Hang in there.  Beleive it or not, everyone in the industry I talk with is
